{"0": "\n\nIt's possible that there is an error in the data of WSJ. According to Yahoo! Finance, the P/E ratio of Russell 2000 was 15 as of 8/31/11 and the P/E ratio of S&P 500 was 13, which is similar to WSJ's report. Nevertheless, it's a good observation! You may want to email WSJ about it, as they might appreciate the notice."}
{"1": "\n\nWhile there are many answers to this question already, I find that they are mostly strongly opposed or mildly supportive of co-signing. Ultimately, it is a personal decision and there is no reliable information to determine whether or not co-signing is a good move. The person considering co-signing will likely have more information about the borrower than anyone on this site, who can only offer their own individual experiences or preferences. They can determine whether the borrower is trustworthy and capable of paying off the loan without defaulting. While this site can offer general advice, it is important to remember that the decision to co-sign or not is entirely up to the person involved, based on their own personal facts and circumstances."}
{"2": "\n\nTo increase your credit score, pay off your credit card balance in full one day before the billing cycle closes. This will show that you have 100% available credit. For example, if your statement cycle ends on the 7th of each month, pay off your balance on the 6th instead of waiting until the due date, which is typically 2-3 weeks later. By consistently following this practice for three months, your credit score will improve because your debt ratio will be significantly lower. This ratio accounts for 30% of your credit score and can greatly impact it."}
{"3": "\n\nThis is my first encounter with a redemption programme, and I would appreciate information on my available options. One option is to keep the shares and receive 2.25 SEK per share after 31-May. The timing of the payout depends on how quickly the company and its bank process it. Alternatively, I can trade my shares during a specified window for the market price. How does this differ from receiving a dividend? I am not familiar with Swedish laws, but this structure may provide tax benefits. Additionally, it reduces the shareholders' capital in the company's books. Can I trade these redemption shares within the specified two weeks in May? Also, what is the point of trading them if they have a fixed price? Yes, trading is possible if I require funds sooner. However, the price is usually discounted by a few cents to cover interest for the remaining days."}
{"4": "\n\n\"Why Investors Buy Platinum\" is an article dating back to 1995, which remains relevant and informative for those seeking to comprehend the reasons behind investor interest in this precious metal."}
{"5": "\n\nThe main drawback of the interest-only loan is the higher interest rates. This is due to the increased risk to the bank as the principal amount remains outstanding for a longer period. According to the New York Times, these loans carry interest rates that are typically 0.125% to 0.5% higher than fully amortized jumbo loans. Additionally, they are more difficult to qualify for, and fewer lenders offer them due to the risk involved. While extra payments towards the principal are an option, these loans have limited downsides otherwise. The benefit of lower monthly payments is countered by the risks associated with not building equity in the home and the potential of the property's value sinking below the principal. If interest-only loans are your only way to afford payments, the home is likely too expensive for you. However, if you are using the funds for other purposes, such as reinvesting in a business or you have variable income, interest-only loans can provide flexibility and benefits. Commission-based salespeople or those in financial industries who receive bonuses can particularly benefit from these loans."}
{"6": "When applying for a car loan, the lender will pull your credit report and perform a \"hard inquiry\" which will be noted on your credit report and slightly count against you. However, this is a normal process but applying too many times too soon can have a negative impact. Lenders will also require proof of your income, such as recent pay stubs, to determine the maximum amount of credit they can lend you and at what interest rate. The better your credit profile, the more money they can lend and the lower the interest rate. \n\nIf you know the price of the car, determine how much you want to put down and take the difference to a bank or credit union, or work directly with the dealer who may offer special financing deals. During the purchasing process, the salesman will work the numbers to determine your monthly payment through their own bank. However, pay attention to this process as this is where they can gain leverage in the deal and make money through the interest rate. \n\nUltimately, the most important factor is that you can comfortably afford your monthly payment. Be conservative about it and budget your payments lower than what you think you can afford. Remember that car dealers may try to determine how much you can afford, but only you truly know your financial situation. Don't take more than you can handle to avoid financial burden."}
{"7": "\n\nVisa's website provides both current and past FX rates. However, it is important to note that they may differ depending on the country. Therefore, it is recommended to refer to your respective local Visa website for accurate information."}
{"8": "\n\nThe difference between TMUSP and TMUS is that the \"with P\" ticker represents TMobile Preferred Stock, while the \"without P\" ticker represents TMobile common stock. The apparent percentage yields differ due to Yahoo! Stock's misreporting of the dividend on the preferred stock in comparison to the common stock, which has not paid a dividend. (Thank you, Brick, for pointing this out!) Preferred stockholders are typically paid first in the event of liquidation and sometimes receive better returns than common stockholders. However, they usually lack voting rights and may be recalled by the company at a fixed price after a grace period, which was set when they were issued. On the other hand, common stockholders can vote to alter the board of directors and are commonly associated with the \"I own a trivial fraction of the company\" model. Even though the common stock may be valued lower, the yield is actually 0%."}
{"9": "\n\nThe service tax now covers all bank fees, including check bouncing fees, issuance of duplicate statements, and remittance charges. However, some banks have structured their remittance business to charge lower fees and make up for the difference in the foreign exchange rates. As a result, the government has reworked the service tax, and individuals now need to pay Rs 120 for a remittance of Rs 100,000. Unfortunately, there is no way to avoid the service tax when using a remittance service."}
{"10": "\n\nThe impacts of uncertainty are extensive. Oil prices have risen by approximately 100% since February but have dropped by around 40% from their peak in the past 52 weeks (and even more over a longer period). Due to its instability, it is not a reliable investment and fluctuates by a few percentage points daily without any underlying reason. Many securities will continue to experience volatility for at least several weeks as individuals remain unsure about the potential consequences of the \"Brexit.\""}
{"11": "\n\nWhat should be my down payment amount when purchasing a property? Ideally, 20% of the purchase price is recommended as it helps avoid the costly burden of private mortgage insurance (PMI). However, if you do not have 20% down but find an attractive property, it is still advisable to purchase it with a comfortable down payment. Long-term renting is not a good financial option for building wealth and becoming financially independent. \n\nHow much money should be kept in my emergency fund? The rule of thumb is to save 3-12 months of living expenses. Do note that if you lose your job, you may be eligible for government unemployment benefits. \n\nWhat should be the duration of my mortgage? A 30-year amortization plan is the best option as it offers flexibility to pay more each month. This way, you can invest your savings in other opportunities that can yield more than mortgage interest. Best of luck!"}
{"12": "\n\nInvest in VTIVX, which is Vanguard's \"Target Retirement 2045\" fund. There is also a \"Target Retirement 2045 Trust Plus\" offered through employers, which is essentially the same underlying fund, but with a different expense ratio and minimum investment amount. However, when comparing funds, the differences between these two should be relatively minor. For a list of all of Vanguard's target retirement funds, refer to this resource. Additionally, note that the \"Trust Plus\" fund has not been around as long, so its returns are only available for the last few years. Hence, it is safer to use plain VTIVX for accurate comparison. Check out this article too, explaining why some mutual funds in 401(k) plans lack ticker symbols."}
{"13": "\n\nIt may not be accurate, but I assume you are located in the United States. Please note that the check number is printed in two places on the front of each check - in the upper right corner and along the bottom edge. The bank scans the check number from the bottom edge, so covering or modifying the check number on the upper left corner will have no effect on the check number recorded during processing. Moreover, you cannot modify or cover the check numbers along the bottom of the check, as this can interfere with check processing. Modifying the check numbers is therefore not feasible. Your options are limited to either using the duplicate checks or not using them at all. However, the check numbers are only for your convenience and are not used in clearing the check. Although the numbers are recorded when the check is processed, duplicate numbers will not affect check clearing. The check number may only be important if you need to \"stop payment\" on a particular check, or if you inquire about a particular check. This should not be a problem since by the time you have used up the first batch of checks and start to use the checks with duplicate numbers, the first use of the early duplicate numbered checks will be sufficiently long ago so as not to cause any problems. The frequency with which you write checks, and the number of duplicate checks you have, should inform your decision. In my case, 100 checks can last me for years, so duplicates would not pose a problem."}
{"14": "\n\nA business account with Chase bank provides a benefit of free incoming wire transfer fees, given that you maintain a minimum balance of over $100,000. This is the sole offer that I have discovered."}
{"15": "\n\nRevised: On February 11, 2005, Apple\u00ae revealed that its Board of Directors had approved a two-for-one split of the Company\u2019s common stock and an increase in the authorized number of Apple common shares from 900 million to 1.8 billion in Cupertino, California. Shareholders who owned Apple stock on February 18, 2005, would receive an additional share for every outstanding share held on the record date, and trading would start on a split-adjusted basis on February 28, 2005. This announcement came a month after announcing earnings. In its first fiscal 2005 quarter ended December 25, 2004, the Company recorded a net profit of $295 million, or $.70 per diluted share, higher than its year-ago quarter's profit of $63 million or $.17 per diluted share. At 74%, the revenue for the quarter also surged, reaching $3.49 billion. Gross margin rose from 26.7% in the year-ago quarter to 28.5%. With an accent on stock price, companies like Google (GOOG), Netflix (NFLX), or even BRK-A/BRK-B don't offer stock splits. Though a split does not impact a company's intrinsic value, it may influence investors as to whether they perceive a stock to be \"cheap\" or \"expensive.\" As such, companies usually declare a stock split following the publication of their financial results for their previous fiscal year. Nonetheless, a split may still happen at any time when the board thinks that it can help their company."}
{"16": "\n\nA company that offers health insurance to its employees includes it as a part of their salary package, which is an expense in its pursuit of generating income. Generally, tax deductions are available for any expense incurred in deriving income, with the exception of deductions allowed for other kinds of expenses due to social policy. If you pay for your own health insurance independently, it is not considered an expense to derive your income and therefore cannot be tax deductible."}
{"17": "\n\nAlthough options can function like insurance to some extent, they differ significantly in terms of expiry periods. Unlike insurance policies, which usually have longer-term expiry dates, options have much shorter expiry periods typically lasting only weeks. Hence, although a term life insurance policy with a 20-year expiry date can be considered an insurance policy with an expiry, options, due to their extremely short expiry periods, cannot be regarded as good insurance policies. In my opinion, they are not ideal for this purpose."}
{"18": "\n\nPlease note that if you are self-employed, the profit-sharing limit for both the SEP and Solo 401(k) plans is 20% of compensation, not 25%. Therefore, there is no need for a SEP-IRA in this case. Suppose you have a solo-401(k) in addition to your 401(k) plan at work for your consulting business. In that case, you can allocate the $18,000 employee contribution limit across both plans as you desire. Moreover, you can contribute profit-sharing of up to 20% of compensation in your solo 401(k) plan. Nonetheless, the profit-sharing limit encompasses all plans for your business. Hence, if you reach the maximum contribution limit in your solo 401(k), you cannot contribute to the SEP IRA. In other words, the solo 401(k) takes precedence over the SEP IRA in terms of contributions and operates under a shared profit-sharing contribution limit. Accordingly, if you have a solo 401(k), there is no reason to have a SEP for the same business. Please refer to the example Can I Contribute to a Solo 401(k) and SEP for the Same Company for further information."}
{"19": "\n\nOptions provide the right but not the obligation to buy or sell the underlying asset, and can be allowed to expire if they do not have automatic expiry. If the option is out of the money at expiration, it is worthless, but otherwise has no negative consequences. The price of an option decreases as its time value decreases. Options have two values, exercise and time value, with far out of the money options primarily having time value while deep in the money options have both time and intrinsic value.\n\nThe option's time value stems from the possibility that the underlying asset's price could move in favor of the holder by the time it expires, potentially earning them more money. However, as expiration approaches, this possibility decreases, causing the time value to decrease, which could result in prices moving sharply after a long period without change.\n\nExchange traded options are more complex than OTC options because they require smaller trades to move the market. A single entity holding a large number of exchange traded options may sell them if they believe the price of the underlying asset will move significantly against them before expiration, thus lowering the market despite being in the money. If these are European style options, they have made a trade based on the belief that the asset's price will be below the strike price when they are exercised, limiting their potential loss.\n\nIf the preceding information does not accurately pertain to the specific option in question, more details may be necessary to offer a sound solution."}
{"20": "\n\nYou can inform your broker about your preferences regarding the use of FIFO or LIFO for specific positions. This option is available with Interactive Brokers."}
{"21": "\n\nThe impact on employer subsidized health insurance plans varies depending on the insurance company and the costs of treatments. In an ideal scenario where treatment costs remained stable and all insurance plans were funded from the same pool, the drama surrounding the ACA plans would not affect employer subsidized plans. These are relevant factors that need to be considered. However, it is possible that the market has been distorted due to the burden of covering individuals who were previously unable to obtain insurance."}
{"22": "\n\nTo start off, the website presents a substantial amount of information, showcasing the first 5 levels on each side of the book. This is noteworthy as traders usually only refer to the first level when discussing the \"top of the book.\" This means that you are receiving an additional 8 levels of data. However, to access all the details, one has to subscribe to the exchange's data feeds or open an account with a broker who provides this information - both of which come at a high cost.\n\nAnother crucial aspect to consider, besides depth, is frequency of updates. The BATS website seems to refresh every 5 seconds, which is not frequent enough to provide an accurate picture of the book. Depending on your specific use case, having access to only 2 levels on each side of the book that are renewed every millisecond might be more valuable than having access to 20 levels on each side that are updated every second."}
{"23": "\n\nAn option is a freely tradable asset, and all options of the same kind have equal value. Selling one option when your current position is 0 will decrease your position by 1. It does not matter if your counterparty closes, opens or reopens their position in the same option as it does not affect your position. However, there are some differences between American and European options. European options expire on their due date, while American options can expire anytime before the due date if the holder decides to exercise them. If an American option holder exercises their option, a short option holder will be randomly assigned as the counterparty. Expiry takes place after the market closes. If a short American option expires early, the position will need to be reopened the following day. Additionally, the complexity slightly increases with dividends. It's crucial to note that terms like \"American\" and \"European\" do not refer to the location of the companies or the continents on which they are traded; they describe the expiry rules of the options."}
{"24": "\n\nThere are several ways in which your dividend can appear, including: (1) reflecting as cash in your trading account, (2) receiving a mailed check, (3) being deposited into a linked bank account, or (4) as additional shares in the stock resulting from a DRIP setup."}
{"25": "\n\nI know a colleague who always chooses to lease his cars initially. Despite being financially well off with significant savings and owning a home, he prefers to treat the lease as an insurance policy for the car's first few years. If any issues arise during this time, such as damage or dissatisfaction, he can return the car to the dealer at the end of the term without any hassle and opt for the next one. However, I do acknowledge that some people may view leasing as a form of rental. If you are considering leasing a luxury vehicle or something outside of your budget, no amount of mental gymnastics can justify this as a wise decision.\n\nIt is also crucial to avoid putting down a payment for a lease. In the unfortunate event of the car being totaled early on, you will not recover the money you initially invested. It is essential to note that while leasing and purchasing may have identical numerical figures, the situation of each person differs. If the car is leased and then totaled, the bank can claim reimbursement from an insurer. If the payout amount is not enough to cover the car's value, GAP insurance will make up the difference. However, the excess remaining may not replace the entire down payment, requiring you to come up with the lost funds if you pursue another lease. Additionally, GAP insurance typically comes with a lease, whether you want it or not. In my opinion, if you decide to pursue a lease, there is no point in skimping on the value of GAP coverage."}
{"26": "\n\nThe Russian exchange-traded funds (ETFs) have a broad reach, yet an overview of how ERUS and RBL are divided among sectors reveals that 45% and 47% of them correspondingly are in the energy sector. In addition, their primary investment is Gazprom, taking up 9% and 14% of each ETF, respectively. Furthermore, the top 10 holdings of the ETFs also include numerous oil and gas companies. Therefore, it could be difficult to invest in Russia without exposure to the oil industry, despite their extensive economy. To paraphrase a meme, investing in oil is so prevalent in Russia that \"In Soviet Russia, oil invests YOU!\""}
{"27": "\n\nI doubt the accuracy of the information you obtained. It's plausible that the previous 401(k) provider charged lower expense ratios on its index funds and reduced the fees of the new provider. However, there are numerous financial institutions with varying fees, and they are not fixed. In my opinion, the information you received seems to be a presumptive explanation for the difference in fees."}
{"28": "\n\nYour sale is unlikely to have a lasting effect on the market unless other individuals perceive that you have a legitimate reason for selling at a lower price. If you suddenly dispose of millions of dollars' worth of shares at a discounted rate, it may appear that you have a motive. However, if you merely sell a few shares, it is likely that others will assume that you needed cash urgently."}
{"29": "\n\nThe text can be revised as:\n\nThe question of why refinancing a mortgage would increase PMI, despite lower rates, is explored in an informative discussion about PMI. The calculation of PMI is based on the total amount borrowed and not just the difference to achieve 80% LTV. For example, if a $100K house was purchased with a 15% down payment, the PMI is 1.1% on the remaining $85,000 balance, not just the $5,000 difference to reach 80% LTV. This results in an additional annual payment of $935 on top of the mortgage cost. Even at 90% LTV, a shortfall of $10,000 would result in an annual PMI cost of $990. Apart from the PMI calculation, Chad's answer is thorough."}
{"30": "\n\nAcademic research has indicated that there are arbitrage opportunities present in pairs-trading ADRs and their underlying shares, with most opportunities quickly seized by the market. However, some cases show a failure to reach parity, which may be due to transaction costs, risks associated with foreign market transactions, and administrative and legal concerns that affect the direct holder but not the ADR holder. It should be noted that while arbitrage opportunities are frequently available, they are often taken advantage of by market experts, and the law of one price does not apply to very short time frames. In the case of the Mexican market, price divergence has an average half-life of approximately three days. Some divergence may be expected due to ADR holders' limited knowledge of the foreign market. There may be an opportunity for arbitrage in markets where shorting shares is not legally possible, but this is likely only useful if you are able to short shares in a related market where it is possible."}
{"31": "\n\nRevised: \n\nCollections agencies and the businesses they collect for are separate entities. If you want to avoid damaging your credit, it is advisable to deal directly with the hospital. To do so, pay the bill and request written confirmation that it will not be reported to your credit. However, most hospitals may no longer accept direct payments once the debt has been sold to collections. \n\nUnfortunately, dealing with credit reports can be daunting. Hospitals sell off their debts to collections agencies, who are motivated to collect as much as they can, even if it means negatively impacting your credit score. Credit bureaus, too, can be challenging to work with. Once something has been reported, it is extremely difficult to remove it. Reporting an error online is not recommended as it waives your right to take legal action against the credit bureaus for inadequate investigation. \n\nIf the debt has already been reported to your credit history, unfortunately, your options may be limited. Keep in mind that reporting may have occurred even if it is not yet visible on your credit report. We understand that this may feel overwhelming, and we wish you the best of luck. Consider taking an aspirin or two to help manage the stress."}
{"32": "\n\nWhile I agree with your statement, I believe there are some nuances that should be considered. The conventional wisdom that all renters are resource-poor has influenced expert recommendations, but that does not mean that renters with greater resources should not consider purchasing additional insurance. For instance, when you decline an extended warranty offer for a $50 electronic item, it may be due to the relatively low cost of replacing the item in case of failure. However, if your net worth is substantial, losing $20K worth of possessions could be a significant financial blow, even if it represents only a small percentage of your overall net worth. In this sense, the value of your possessions may be a more significant portion of your net worth, making insurance a more rational choice. While your current level of coverage is suitable for your situation, if your possessions were worth $300K, your perspective on the matter would likely change. Therefore, it is important to consider the actual value of your possessions and weigh the cost-benefit of additional insurance based on that valuation."}
{"33": "\n\nTo avoid accruing interest on your credit card balance, it's important to carefully review your credit card agreement, especially the fine print. In the US, it's common for credit card companies to allow you to make charges during a certain time window. However, when your statement balance is calculated, you'll owe interest on any outstanding amount. For example, if you had a $0 balance on Jan 1st and you spent $1,000 on Jan 3rd, your next statement will be prepared around Jan 24th or Jan 27th. To avoid interest charges, make sure your balance is $0 when your statement is prepared. If your balance is $1,000 and you pay it off, but then charge $2,000, you'll start accruing interest on the new charges when your next statement is prepared. Some credit cards have a grace period before interest starts accruing, but it's important to check your card agreement to be sure. Remember, the best way to avoid interest charges is to read the fine print on your credit card agreement."}
{"34": "\n\nWe are facing a similar issue in Switzerland, and I have a background in institutional investment management and currency risk management. Home Bias is the core concept of your question, and there are many research papers available on this topic. The main problem with a high home bias is that the investment universe in your local market tends to be geared towards your country's largest corporations, resulting in a lack of diversification. In the case of the ASX, the top four companies are financials, making up almost 25% of the index, and I assume the bond market is similarly concentrated.\n\nThis lack of diversification and lower liquidity in smaller economies can have a negative impact on a portfolio. However, I appreciate your point about not taking a stance on FX as this makes finding a hedge ratio that minimizes portfolio volatility when investing internationally easier. For equities, a hedge ratio of 0-30% is usually effective, and for bonds, a ratio of 80-100% is usually required as currency risk contributes more to overall volatility in bond portfolios.\n\nInterestingly, we have found that if you hedge the AUD, you may actually increase total portfolio risk, which may be due to the AUD's use in carry trades. It's important to be careful when buying currency-hedged share classes of investment funds and to read closely how the share class implements its currency hedging strategy."}
{"35": "\n\nAs a resident of the Netherlands, an EU country, I have some concerns about using credit cards. Firstly, they are more vulnerable to misuse as anyone who finds the card can use it for online purchases without needing a PIN. Additionally, the information on the card can be stored in vulnerable databases that can be hacked by cybercriminals. On the other hand, debit cards have a more secure process of requiring a PIN when making online payments, as is the case with the cards I have in the Netherlands. Also, if the user has authorized periodic payments on a website, this information is available at the bank which enables them to monitor transactions more efficiently.\n\nAnother disadvantage of credit cards is that banks receive a percentage from each payment, which in the long run, consumers have to bear. Debit cards, on the other hand, have a fixed fee per transaction. With automatic monthly payments, unexpected deductions may occur, whereas debit cards allow users to keep an eye on their balance and avoid future issues.\n\nHowever, credit cards have some benefits. For example, they offer an insurance policy, which allows users to recoup losses associated with fraudulent charges. Furthermore, credit cards can be more readily used for international online purchases as some US websites only accept cards with specific number/expiry date/security codes.\n\nIn summary, I believe it's important to have a credit card, but only use it when necessary, and keep a watchful eye on payments and transactions."}
{"36": "\n\nYou should go over your loan documents to confirm if there are any clauses that mention demolishing the current house. Chances are that such an action is not permitted. It makes sense as the house acts as collateral for the mortgage, and removing it would jeopardize the bank's investment. Therefore, it is reasonable to assume that the bank would not approve. On a related note, if you are considering a construction loan to replace your current mortgaged house with a new one, there may be useful information in the answers to this question."}
{"37": "\n\nAs most fund managers and large investors operate as private entities, it becomes impractical to keep track of their performance over time. Nevertheless, one could follow their holdings, although such information isn't available in real-time, and strive to emulate their performance."}
{"38": "\n\nTo determine whether your university allows credit card payments, contact the Office of Student Affairs or its equivalent. Many universities only allow cash, checks or money orders as payment for student organization dues. However, your organization may be eligible for basic operational funding if requested. Your faculty advisor should be your first point of contact regarding this matter. Cash is the easiest payment method, and locate nearby ATMs to withdraw funds. If credit cards must be used, create a PayPal account to reimburse the individual who paid upfront (covering any markups). Ensure all members set up a PayPal account linked to their credit card, to avoid fees by using a bank account. Depending on university restrictions, a business account with a PayPal debit card may be set up. However, check with your advisor or university by-laws for approval. As a university group, in-person gathering for the exchange of cash, checks, or money orders will likely occur, eliminating the need for website implementation. Keep in mind that credit cards typically have processing fees that merchants pay, with tax implications. It's essential to research your university's regulations concerning acceptable payment forms."}
{"39": "\n\nI have been using Tick at work for several months now and I must say that I thoroughly enjoy its functionality. The user interface is simple and easy to navigate, with excellent time-budgeting and multi-user/project features. Additionally, it is easily accessible across multiple platforms, including the website, desktop widgets, and phone applications."}
{"40": "\n\nIt is unlikely, but there may be exceptions. For example, some credit card terms of service might categorize buying traveler's checks as cash advances. For more information on this, please refer to this question."}
{"41": "\n\nTo ensure you're purchasing good quality clothing, start by reviewing the garment tag. The type of material used is crucial - for most casual clothes, 100% cotton or jersey are both great quality options. Additionally, it's helpful to touch the garment and become familiar with its texture, even if it's from a designer brand. If you like the feel of the fabric, it's likely a good quality product. Seek out similar materials when shopping, regardless of the store, as even expensive retailers may carry subpar clothing items.\n\nAnother important factor to consider is the stitching quality. Check the top and bottom stitches, as well as the sides and armholes underneath the garment. Look for consistent and tidy stitching patterns to ensure the item will withstand repeated wear.\n\nWhile personal style can vary greatly, stores often cater to specific age groups or aesthetics. If you find a store that fits your personal style and offers high-quality clothing at reasonable prices, it's worth considering it as a go-to shopping destination. Keep in mind that cheaper options may end up costing more in the long run, so aim for fair prices that benefit both yourself and the seller."}
{"42": "\n\nRevised: While it may seem useful, knowing the answer to whether a stock is undervalued or not is often not helpful. This is because a stock's current price is based on the collective analysis of several factors such as dividend rate, industry, growth prospects, volatility, risk, etc., that determine its intrinsic value. Hence, attempting to research a stock's value involves figuring out if the market has misjudged or overlooked something that is relevant to its cash flows in the future. However, most factors that affect the stock's price are already well-known to the market, making it unlikely to identify mispricings. Additionally, unless you are an expert in the field, guessing whether a stock is mispriced or not is essentially gambling. Even experienced finance professionals tend to invest in a diversified portfolio with low transactions costs to build wealth in the long run, rather than trying to outperform the market by finding undervalued stocks. Therefore, my suggestion to you is to transition into a finance-knowledgeable individual as quickly as possible."}
{"43": "\n\nRevised: \n\nAssuming a downpayment of $2000 and a nominal interest rate of 11.5% compounded monthly, the monthly payments come out to $970.49. This translates to a monthly rate of 0.9583%, as you mentioned earlier. \n\nGiven the standard loan equation, let's plug in the values s = 98000 and d = 990.291, and solve for r."}
{"44": "\n\nYou are not required to provide your personal home address. Instead, you can provide a legal address for Companies House to send paper correspondence to. Companies House legally requires an address to ensure that directors do not disappear with shareholder's money, as they are liable to their shareholders (even if there is only one shareholder). Additionally, websites that provide information about companies may reveal your birth date. You can request that these websites stop sharing your personal information. \n\nEvery UK company must have a registered office, which serves as the official legal address of the company. The address must be a physical location (not a PO Box without a physical location) as Companies House sends correspondence there. To establish a private limited company, you must appoint at least one director who is over 16 years of age. Although optional, you may also have a secretary. \n\nFor each officer, you must provide various information, including their name, address, and date of birth. If an officer is a company or firm, you should supply their name, registered office address, legal form, and registration number (if applicable)."}
{"45": "\n\nIt is highly recommended that you seek the assistance of a certified tax professional to accurately address your tax concerns and provide guidance on how to proceed. Attempting to handle the matter on your own may not be feasible, as you are already in a state of non-compliance with the IRS. It is possible that a professional could advise on how to mitigate the penalties and potentially negotiate a waiver, depending on the circumstances of your case. It is important to be wary of unfounded claims that suggest you do not need to pay anything, as based on the information provided, it appears you may indeed owe taxes and be in trouble with the IRS. It is possible that there may have been a misunderstanding in the past regarding filing taxes for your business. A licensed CPA or EA can assist in clarifying and addressing these issues, as well as provide education on how to avoid similar problems in the future."}
{"46": "\n\nI agree with Dillip Sarwate's points, but I would like to add a few more thoughts. It's important to note that the method you use to make payments - whether it's through a biller's website, your bank's website, by mail, or in person - is not as important as making the payment on time. If there's a chance that waiting until the due date to pay could result in a missed payment, it's not worth the risk. Late payment charges can be much higher than the interest you would earn on your savings. Keep in mind that we're talking about small amounts here. If your monthly bills add up to, say, $3,000 and you're earning 3.6% on your savings, paying a bill just two weeks late would only earn you an additional $4 per month. On the other hand, if you miss a payment and get hit with a late fee - like the $35 I paid on my credit card - it would negate any savings you might have earned. That's why I prefer to schedule all my payments in advance, often for a week before the due date, using either my bank's website or the biller's website. This gives me plenty of time to make sure the payment is processed on time."}
{"47": "\n\nThe breakeven point does not occur in 8 years as previously stated. Instead, you determined the number of years it would take to break even by paying $500 per year versus paying $4000 per year for one year. The calculation came out to 80 years ($500 x 8 = $4000; 80 years x $500 = $40000). It is clear that paying $500 per year would take you 80 years to spend the same total amount ($40000) as you would in 10 years of paying $4000 per year. It is obvious which choice is better at this point. \n\nAfter 10 years, consider the scenarios: In option #1, you would have spent $5000 ($500 x 10) and would need to continue spending $500 per year indefinitely. In option #2, you would have spent $40000 ($4000 x 10) but would have no more payment obligations. However, in option #2, you would currently have $35000 ($40000 - $5000) less money than you would in option #1. If you stayed with option #1, you could invest that $35000 at a conservative 1.43% annual return and still cover the $500 payments indefinitely without reducing your remaining $35000. It is likely that, over time, your investment will earn more than 1.43% per year, resulting in a significant advantage."}
{"48": "\n\nTo ensure that your tax returns (both personal and business) are filed accurately, follow these steps: gather all necessary paperwork, solicit recommendations from your personal network for a reputable CPA, and pay for their services. Once your tax return is complete, have the CPA walk you through each item you do not understand. Repeat this process until you feel confident enough to file on your own. It is still wise to have them review your work for a few times afterward. Additionally, finding a CPA with reasonable fees is beneficial since they can point out tax inefficiencies in your business, covering the cost of their services. This practice is admirable for CPAs to ensure their clients get the value they deserve, though it may not apply to all professionals in the field. Keep this as your criteria when looking for a recommended CPA."}
{"49": "\n\n\"I suggest splitting the savings into two parts. It's important to have at least 50% in readily available cash or MMA/Checking as an emergency fund. For the remaining savings, consider investing in CDs with a maturity of 30 to 180 days, depending on your financial situation. Keep in mind that your desire for the car may have diminished by the time you save up enough money. Thus, it's worth reconsidering your current job and income stream to increase savings towards what you do want. Also, be prepared for any unexpected expenses. For example, my landlord sold the house I was renting while I was on a month-to-month contract. I had to pay a second deposit and move expenses, but luckily, I had followed my tax attorney's advice to create a cushion of liquid assets that could cover three months of all expenses. While I'm not religious, I've heard that Mormons advise keeping a year's worth of supplies at home for emergencies. Ultimately, it's important to remember that everyone's situation is different, and this advice may not apply to everyone.\""}
{"50": "\n\nWhile it is possible to trade large volumes in highly liquid securities, it may take several days to execute a single contract at that amount. Additionally, regulatory bodies like the OCC implement position size limits to prevent individuals from cornering the market through options trading. It is still possible, however, to exercise contracts and suddenly accumulate a significant stake in the asset. For instance, position size limits would restrict an individual to opening 100 million contracts at the specified cost of $1 per contract. To spread out orders, traders can choose from various expiration dates and strike prices across different options. Some highly liquid examples include trading options contracts on S&P 500 index products like the SPY ETF or S&P 500 futures. The phrase \"liquidity begets liquidity\" emphasizes that as more participants engage in trading, it becomes more liquid and attracts more investors who were hesitant due to perceived illiquidity concerns."}
{"51": "\n\nNo, any document containing the required information is acceptable. The essential elements of a check include the routing number, account number, amount, payee, and signature. However, it is illegal to write a check on anything inappropriate or non-portable, such as human skin, or carve it on a building wall. Standard sizes and MICR lines facilitate the bank's operation, but they are not mandatory. Even if you draft a check on a notebook paper with all necessary information, the bank must honor it. Remember, a check is a request to transfer funds to a specific person. You can choose to write it in a sentence format, such as \"Please give Bill $2 from account 12344221 routing number 123121133111, signed_________,\" as long as it complies with the legal elements. Naturally, banks may prefer the conventional form, and may hold the funds until they ensure the legitimacy of the check. However, if you want to challenge that, it is your right."}
{"52": "\n\nGreat question, well articulated! The key to managing your finances effectively is to find a solution that works for both you and your partner without consuming too much time or effort. While behavior does play a role, technology can also be incredibly useful. My wife and I use spreadsheets for checking account management and budgeting. A template sheet is copied and modified for the current month, which saves us time because 90% of the information is the same. This is why I find EveryDollar challenging as I have to enter everything each month. We also have separate checking accounts and take different expenses' responsibility, which risks acting as roommates. Still, we both understand that the money in one person's account belongs to the other and have to make up for shortfalls on the other's part. We use cash for everyday purchases, which means we don't need to track expenses or enter transactions. This system works for us, and managing our finances takes very little time. Our budget meeting usually takes less than 30 minutes, including goal tracking. We follow the 80/20 principle and don't see value in tracking every penny. Instead, we prioritize achieving larger financial goals like contributing to retirement savings. Overspending on small purchases is not a concern as long as we reach our larger goals and avoid debt."}
{"53": "\n\nThe W4 form sets the amount of income tax withholding, but it does not affect FICA taxes. Withholding ensures that you do not have to make estimated tax payments. Failure to pay sufficient quarterly estimates or withholding enough could result in penalties for underpayment, but no other consequences. These penalties will be calculated when you file your tax return. If you discover that you need additional withholding, you can use the extra withholding line on the W4. Withholding is advantageous because it is back-loaded, and the IRS does not object. The company is not responsible for your taxes, and you should notify them if your personal circumstances change. You are solely responsible for the tax bill, as there is no company-paid portion of your income tax. The company only pays an employer share of FICA that is not influenced by the W4. Determine how much you owe the IRS and whether you can pay it or need to explore an installment program. In any case, be sure to file your tax return on time."}
{"54": "\n\nCurrencies that are pegged or fixed require the central issuer to hold a proportional amount of foreign currencies. To understand this, imagine a portfolio of currencies from which the central bank issues shares in the form of its own currency. However, if the central bank says these \"shares\" are worth $1, but the underlying components of the portfolio are worth only $0.80 and decreasing, it becomes expensive for the central bank to maintain its peg. Eventually, people will question the central bank's solvency as they realize the $1 they hold is not worth what the central bank claims it to be due to changes in prices of goods and services, especially imports. In such cases, even shadow economies tend to trade using a currency that reflects labor. The Swiss National Bank faced a similar issue in early 2015, as it struggled with the volatility of the Euro to which it had previously pegged its currency.\n\nThe central bank can devalue its currency by adjusting the proportions of its reserve, such as selling foreign currency X and buying more currency Y. However, this may result in losses for the central bank (as seen with the Swiss National Bank). Another option is to flood the economy with more currency, diluting the value of each individual 1 dollar equivalent. This can be done by issuing bonds or monetizing goods and services from the private sector in exchange for bonds. Although people call this \"printing money,\" it is a misnomer since printers are not a relevant tool in this day and age. Once the bond is on the central bank's balance book, the entity that provided the service now has a bond that can be immediately sold for cash. The bond did not previously exist, but the central bank created it, and it can infinitely exchange goods and services for bonds. This is known as bond monetization or quantitative easing, practiced by central banks such as the Federal Reserve in the United States, Bank of Japan, European Central Bank, and now the Central Bank of the Republic of China."}
{"55": "\n\nAre you in Toronto? Consider selling your car and taking public transit instead. This can save you a significant amount of money. When you do need a car for a day or weekend, you can rent one at a much lower cost than owning a car. Alternatively, you could use a ride-sharing service like Uber. By doing so, you can feel good about your decision and the money you're saving."}
{"56": "\n\nIs it really that bad? Well, it depends on how bad \"bad\" is. When a government has a large debt, it can create problems similar to those that arise when an individual has a large debt. The major issue arises when an increasing amount of your income goes towards paying off the interest on the debt, which consequently isn't available to spend on goods and services. If things get bad enough, you may find yourself unable to make payments, default on loans, and resort to making serious sacrifices such as selling your property to pay the debt.\n\nOne advantage that nations have over individuals is that they can sometimes repudiate debt by declaring that they are not going to pay. However, lenders can refuse to give them more money, which doesn't solve the problem of the original loans not being paid back. In theory, other nations could send troops to seize property to pay off the loan, but this is an extreme solution since modern warfare is very expensive, and the cost of the war is likely to be more than what you'd recover from the debt. \n\nIt's challenging to give a specific number for how much debt is too much, just as we cannot give a \"maximum acceptable debt\" for an individual. However, American banks usually have a rule of thumb whereby they won't loan you a large amount of money if your total debt payments would be more than 1/3 of your income. Although this amount may seem high to some people, young individuals just starting out and living in a high housing cost area may find this payment painful but still acceptable."}
{"57": "\n\nIf you have incurred a business expense, you may be eligible for reimbursement. Reimbursement refers to money paid back to you by your employer, which is not typically considered as income since it is meant to cover expenses you paid for using your own after-tax money. However, some requirements must be met for reimbursement to be considered legitimate from an income tax standpoint. While I am not familiar with the specific income tax laws in the UK, the requirements for reimbursement are generally similar elsewhere. Typically, to receive reimbursement, you must prove that the expense was valid and for the employer's benefit, and that it was requested by the employer. You must also submit a receipt and follow the employer's procedures for approval. If you incurred a \u00a31500 expense, the income tax agent may ask for an explanation of the business activity that caused it. If they are not satisfied, the \u00a3750 you received may be considered income. Failure to follow proper reimbursement procedures may also result in the \u00a3750 being declared as income, regardless of the business need. It is important that you verify these requirements with your employer's tax accountant."}
{"58": "\n\nAlways read the fine print, but generally speaking, the high water mark is the absolute highest mark at the end of any quarter (sometimes month) over all the quarters (months) in the past. Intra-quarter marks are not relevant. In the example given, the mark at the end of the second quarter would only qualify as the new HWM if it is higher than the mark at the end of every previous quarter. It's important to note that what happened within the second quarter does not matter. For hedge funds, the HWM may only be calculated from the date of initial investment rather than over the whole history of the fund, but this is unlikely for mutual funds. However, as mentioned before, it's always crucial to read the fine print."}
{"59": "\n\nBased on my personal experience, I secured financing for a new car directly from the dealer/manufacturer just weeks after graduating while still on F1-OPT status."}
{"60": "\n\nI also agree with the Dave Ramsey method. First, make sure you have $1k in your bank account as a safety net. Next, add up your smaller debts and the balance on your Best Buy card. If the total is $4k or less, pay them off completely. Even if the smaller debts have zero percent interest, it's better to get rid of them altogether. If your debts exceed $4k, start by paying off the Best Buy card with the highest interest rate, then work your way down to the smaller balances. One tweak I would suggest is avoiding making any payments toward your Citi balance, as this only reduces the amount owed but not the total number of creditors taking money from your account."}
{"61": "This text presents a plethora of research studies indicating that actively-managed funds tend to underperform market indexes and passively-managed funds due to high turnover rates and relatively high fees. While the issue of survivorship bias presents some challenges to this research, several academic papers have addressed this concern and provide further insight into the debate. The seminal paper by Michael Jensen in 1968 defined Jensen's alpha, a widely-used measure of mutual fund performance, and found that managers who actively picked stocks performed worse than random chance. Another paper by Martin Gruber in 1996 found that active management adds value, but mutual funds charge more than the value added, and Mark Carhart's 1997 paper concluded that trading and expense ratios negatively impact mutual fund performance. However, Russ Wermer's 2000 study found that actively-managed mutual funds hold stocks that outperform the market, though the net return of the funds underperforms passive funds and the market itself. Lastly, a 2008 paper by Fama and French concluded that active investment is a negative sum game after costs, suggesting that expense ratios and other fees minimize the returns to active investment. One highly-regarded commercial dataset for researching mutual fund performance is the CRSP Survivor-Bias-Free US Mutual Fund Database from the Center for Research in Security Prices at the University of Chicago."}
{"62": "\n\nIt has been years since I lived in Seattle, but I remember it being quite expensive. Housing costs are disproportionately high in comparison to expected salaries. For someone coming from Puerto Rico, the cost of living may be shocking, as well as the lack of sunshine. However, the answer to your question is subjective, as one person may require a budget of 100K to cover expenses while another may need less than 30K. The location you choose to live in Seattle will also affect your housing costs, as prices vary throughout the area. One advantage of the region is the affordability of vacations, with fishing, hiking, and cycling being popular and relatively inexpensive activities. It is important to consider your retirement plans as well, as retiring in Puerto Rico will require much less money than retiring in Seattle. For instance, Marysville is a safe and desirable location, but it is far from Seattle, making commuting difficult. A 1200 sq ft home in Marysville costs around 200K, which is significantly higher than the cost for the same home in Orlando, where you\u2019ll also enjoy more sunshine."}
{"63": "\n\nAlthough there are plenty of valid reasons not to proceed with this action, if you do choose to proceed, it is important to contemplate four key factors."}
{"64": "\n\nThis question primarily pertains to economics rather than personal finance. However, I had already started compiling a response before realizing this, so I will present a few key points. The list can be further expanded upon by others. \n\nAdvantages: \n- Greater circulation of currency can lead to increased stability \n- Adoption by other countries with similar or larger GDP can elevate the status of the currency\n\nDisadvantages: \n- The impact of a strong economy on the currency's value may be diluted by the increased number of users \n- Counterfeiting may be harder to control, especially in foreign countries that do not promptly adopt new bills."}
{"65": "\n\nTo summarize, if you are starting with a sum of $300K, you have two possible paths. The first option is to forgo starting a small business and instead get a job. In this case, you can invest the entire amount into safe liquid investments and gradually move the maximum amount each year into your retirement accounts. Depending on your employer, you may have access to options like 401K, deductible IRA, and Roth IRA, which all dictate how much money you can transfer into your accounts. It's important to invest from your paycheck and pull an equal amount from the remaining $300K for a 401K. If you're married, the same procedure can be used for your spouse. You can use your current income to fund vacations or splurges since you won't need to put additional funds into the retirement plan. By your late 30s, your entire $300K will be invested in your retirement account, but you won't be able to touch it without paying penalties until you're closer to age 60. Therefore, before semi-retirement, you will need to invest some of your salary into non-retirement accounts to cushion yourself between 40 and 60.\n\nThe second option is to invest in starting a small business by taking a chunk of the $300K and deciding when to use it in X years. This invested money must be kept liquid and safely invested so that it can be used when necessary without loss. The remaining funds can be invested as described in the first option. You will need to invest and convert funds to retirement funds earlier in this case. However, the income generated by your small business may be able to fund your semi-retirement as well.\n\nIt's important to note some rules, such as the Roth IRA rule of remaining invested for 5 years to avoid penalties and the fact that stocks may be too volatile for short-term investment. You should also consider hiring a financial adviser to get a complete plan for a fixed fee. They can advise on investment options, explain tax implications, and discuss how your investment impacts your semi-retirement plans. Be sure to review your plan every few years as tax laws change."}
{"66": "\n\nIt is highly likely that the statement is referring to trading or speculating with leverage, rather than investing. Once leverage is added to the equation, the statement makes perfect sense. For instance, during the period of 2007-2009, purchasing the $SPX at its highest point of $1560.00 and then experiencing its low point of $683.00 would have resulted in a margin call for a $1560.00 account with only 2:1 leverage. In Europe, various leveraged products are available, such as index CFDs, and trading with leverage greater than 50:1 can quickly lead to a margin call or the broker closing the position. While investing always carries some level of risk, currency is a position, and it is doubtful that more than 90% of investors lose money or purchasing power when it comes to stocks. However, speculators who use leverage or try to trade based on swings or news have an extremely high risk of losing money or purchasing power."}
{"67": "\n\nThere are multiple options to buy and sell stocks/shares in the financial market. One option is to visit a bank, preferably a major one. They will assist with the process, safeguard your shares, but may charge fees for every transaction made. Alternatively, financial brokers/traders can be consulted. They can open an account and buy shares from a specific company, without necessarily trading them. You could also do this independently by finding a reliable broker with affordable transaction fees, opening an account, and purchasing stocks using the broker's platform."}
{"68": "\n\nIt is possible to obtain credit as long as there are no price controls or quotas in place. In the housing sector of the United States, there is a strong demand for credit resulting in little price regulation, particularly in interest rates. However, corporate banks are now liable to the borrowers and investors if there is default and require banks to buy back loans if they fail. Consequently, banks are now only financing the most creditworthy. Despite this, markets always find a way to flow. While it may be expensive, you can obtain a fully-financed mortgage if you are willing to pay interest rates that are double what you would normally get with good credit. If the foreclosure process in your state is quick and benefits the lender, your interest rate may be lower. You can find individual creditors from mortgage investment clubs and religious institutions who offer surprisingly low-interest rates. Moreover, since the cost of your prospective home is so low, an investor flush with cash might take a chance on you with an investment of just $50,000. While the FHA has been expanded, expect red tape when applying."}
{"69": "\n\nThere are a few factors to keep in mind when using data from Yahoo! Finance for comparisons. First, it's important to consider the scope of their data. Have you looked at other companies in the same industry? For instance, the Top Life Insurance Companies by Market Cap listed on Yahoo! Finance are mostly British companies, which could affect your analysis. Additionally, it's worth noting that the data is only for one quarter, so it may not be a reliable reflection of the company's overall performance. Some companies may appear to have impressive growth in earnings, but this could be due to a temporary dip caused by accounting charges that hit its reserves. So while the increase might look impressive (e.g. $0.01/share to $1/share or 10,000%), it's important to consider the context behind the numbers."}
{"70": "\n\nAs far as I am aware, StarMoney also offers a web-based banking service."}
{"71": "\n\nHave you considered the expenses for web hosting? How about the cost of internet services? Additionally, the equipment required to perform the task could add to the expenses. Do not forget to factor in the amortized development cost, and the time it takes to attend to support calls and emails. Also, the phone service used for sales and the expenses for advertising and marketing should not be overlooked. Take a closer look, and you will likely find some additional costs."}
{"72": "\n\nRevised: As long as the funds come from legal sources (excluding money laundering), I believe you can deposit them into a UK bank account without issue. You will only need to pay taxes on the interest earned on the funds once they are in the UK account. It is likely that taxes have already been paid on the funds when they were earned in Greece. While banks may not inquire too closely about the source of the funds upon deposit, they may ask more questions if you try to borrow money from them. I had a similar experience when opening a bank account in the US without an SSN; however, I did have to pay taxes on the interest earned in that account. If you deposited a large sum of money, you may be asked about the source of the funds, but as long as they were earned legally, there should not be any issues to worry about. However, I am concerned about the risk of default, as has occurred in the past in countries like Argentina and the US during the Great Depression when governments prevented people from withdrawing their funds from banks. While this may not be an issue if the funds are in Euros, it is still a concerning possibility. It does not seem fair that Greeks might be prevented from accessing their Euros while Italians are not."}
{"73": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I cannot revise the text as it is already well-written. However, I can suggest alternative ways of expressing the same idea:\n\n- I value a company that pays dividends more than one that relies solely on share price appreciation, and I would most appreciate it if the dividends increase over time.\n- I have a preference for companies that offer dividend payments over those that solely depend on share price increase. Additionally, I would like to see a gradual increase in the amount of dividend payments over time. \n- My preference is for companies that distribute dividends, rather than solely banking on share appreciation. Ideally, I would like to see these dividend payments continue to grow over time."}
{"74": "\n\nHow to Handle Your Equity? Consider Leaving it Untouched."}
{"75": "\n\nI had a similar situation in the past and learned some important lessons. What steps can we take to prevent this company from attempting to take funds from our account via ACH in the future? Is creating a new account with a different account number and closing the existing one a viable option? Yes, that's a good temporary solution. However, leaving the account with a zero balance might result in fees due to insufficient funds whenever the other company tries to charge us again. It's best to avoid this option. Instead, we should provide our bank with a service termination notice to demonstrate that we're no longer engaged with the other company, and have them effectively block them from withdrawing funds. However, a termination notice with only our signature may not be sufficient as ACH withdrawals are generally considered equivalent to checks. Unless we put a stop payment in place and claim fraud, we'll likely end up having to set up a new account again while the other company tries to recover their funds. This is one reason why I'm hesitant to allow standing ACH authorizations. The American banking system is geared against consumers and lags behind other more advanced countries where standing withdrawal authorizations can be revoked directly by the bank."}
{"76": "\n\nYou could potentially face legal action if someone presented evidence that your brother was unsuitable to drive due to a character flaw, and you provided financial assistance for them to obtain a car. For example, if your brother has a history of alcoholism or possesses a fake driver's license, your aid in purchasing a vehicle could lead to legal trouble. \n\nSimilarly, a rental car company could face a lawsuit if they rented a car to someone they knew or should have known was ineligible to drive, and that individual caused an accident."}
{"77": "\n\nSome lenders may consider providing loans for vacant land, while others may not. It's essential to speak with a local bank to discuss your plans for the land, such as living in an old or new mobile home, constructing a new house, selling it to a developer, or using it for camping purposes. Additionally, if the property is part of a development with other mobile homes, there may be complications concerning the property's use and rights. There are also instances where certain local jurisdictions intend to eliminate mobile homes, and consequently, they may impose limitations on housing options."}
{"78": "\n\nBIC and IBAN are commonly used by financial institutions in the EU and certain other OECD countries for interbank transfers. On the other hand, SWIFT is widely used for interbank transfers across the globe. In the US, the IBAN system is not currently available, hence one has to resort to using SWIFT. It is important to note that though the codes may look similar, each system is distinct. You can learn further details by referring to this resource."}
{"79": "\n\nThe requirement to report foreign income and claim foreign tax credit depends on the software being used."}
{"80": "\n\nWhat happens if the stock price rises and then drops near the expiry date while holding a short (sold) call option position? Typically, if the underlying price is increasing, your net margin requirements will increase daily, meaning that you will have to provide more margin money to finance your position. Your broker holds this margin money as a \"good faith\" deposit, which is not debited as cash from your trading account's accounting ledger. This money is set aside to cover potential losses when you settle your position. Conversely, as the underlying share price decreases, the net margin requirements will generally decrease each day. Net margin is the net of \"Initial Margin\" and \"Variation Margin.\" As the option approaches expiry, the \"time value\" component of the option price will decrease."}
{"81": "\n\nAround a decade ago, I frequently utilized the MetaStock Trader, which was a reliable tool accompanied by a vast range of indicators. However, as it required me to purchase trading data myself, I eventually switched to Incredible Charts. I have been using the latter for several years now, initially through the free adware service and currently through the $10/year EOD data access. Although there are faster data access options available, I cannot provide any comments on those. One of the key features for me is that it is web-based. The data quality is excellent, and it boasts a wide selection of built-in indicators. Additionally, you can create customized search routines based on particular indicators, which is highly effective.\n\nCurrently, I am considering VectorVest as a substitute for (or in conjunction with) Incredible Charts. VectorVest is desirable because it features robust backtesting capabilities and allows you to test portfolios with specific buy/sell criteria, thereby simulating and backtesting various trading scenarios simultaneously. Furthermore, these tools do not rely on any specific broker, which is a significant advantage. I should note, however, that my prior opinion of MetaStock Trader is outdated since I have not used it for many years."}
{"82": "\n\nYou do not need to use pre-printed forms to print IRS-approved forms such as the 109* and W*. The IRS provides specifications for the paper you can use for these types of forms to ensure correct scanning and accurate money reporting for employees. Note that certain parts of these forms are printed in different colors, and using the wrong color can impact the IRS's OCR mechanisms. Forms for individuals are less complex as compared to those for businesses or employers who are required to file them. Using professional tools and special forms is a necessary cost of doing business rather than a mandatory tax. Any mistakes in individual forms will be noticed by taxpayers, whereas forms such as the 109* and W* are used in internal matching and cross-checking systems and are considered the source of truth. Therefore, their processing must be even more reliable and precise."}
{"83": "\n\nBroker rules can vary, so you should contact your broker directly to understand their policies on this matter. In my experience, the broker I used sold stocks immediately if the option was in the money by 25 cents at expiration. However, it is important to note that executing the sale before the weekend can be risky, as unexpected news could result in a margin call or other negative consequences. Be sure to discuss these risks with your broker and consider all options before making a decision."}
{"84": "\n\nRevised: \n\nThe following explanation is based on three assumptions: \n\n1. The new share price is equal to the old share price multiplied by 1.0125. \n\n2. The quarterly dividend is calculated by multiplying the new share price by 0.01 and then multiplying that result by the number of shares owned in the previous quarter. \n\n3. The total number of shares owned in the current quarter is the sum of the shares owned in the previous quarter plus the quarterly dividend, divided by the new share price. \n\nFor example, let's assume that the starting point is right after Quarter One: \n\n- The new share price is $20 * 1.0125 = $20.25 \n- 1000 shares at $20.25 each yield a quarterly dividend of $20.25 * 0.01 * 1000 = $202.5 \n- The number of new shares is calculated as $202.5 divided by $20.25, which equals 10 \n\nFollowing this formula over several cycles, we have the following results: \n\nAfter 8 quarters (2 years): 1061.52 shares at $21.548 per share \n\nAfter 20 quarters (5 years): 1196.15 shares at $25.012 per share \n\nAfter 40 quarters (10 years): 1459.53 shares at $32.066 per share \n\nGraphically, this looks like the provided image. It's important to note that while the calculations are mathematically accurate, a 5% growth rate and 4% dividend rate are optimistic assumptions."}
{"85": "\n\nThe primary distinction lies in the fact that an ISA account, such as a Cash ISA, provides protection from tax. You need not fret over Capital Gains Tax. On the other hand, the other type of account is subject to standard taxation. With a mere \u00a3500 to invest, you will incur high charges. Hence, initially, consider investing in some Investment Trust savings schemes. These schemes allow you to save a small amount on a monthly basis at a low cost. You can start with \u00a350 a month for a year and see how it goes. Some of the Trusts worth exploring are Wittan, City of London, and Lowland."}
{"86": "\n\nBased on historical trends, I estimate that the oil price would hover around $20, accounting for inflation. However, in the unlikely event of oil supplies being oversupplied to the extent of reaching an 82-year high in the US or an all-time record in EIA weekly inventories, the cost of oil sands would cap the oil price. This scenario is concerning, particularly if there are no developments in refinery laws or technology. If no change occurs, potential refinery cuts of 50% in retail gasoline volumes could be detrimental. A graph of historical oil prices can be found at the following link: http://www.antagoniste.net/WP-Uploads/2007/01/oil_prices_1861_2006.jpg."}
{"87": "\n\nIt has been pointed out that HFT does not involve mineral mining or the creation of iPods. However, it should be noted that HFT is essentially a computerized approach to human trading. The trading is still being carried out on behalf of human account owners, albeit through automatic algorithmic trades. In exchange markets, fast execution of trades is highly desirable. For instance, if there are two exchanges, one that operates once a month and another that operates once a week, the latter would be preferred. This is because investors want to sell or buy their stocks as quickly as possible. This applies even to very short time periods in seconds or fractions of seconds. \n\nOne criticism of HFT is that there are instances where the market goes against the algorithm, leading to a large change in prices in a matter of minutes or even seconds. Although such trades are often cancelled by exchanges, this practice only encourages more aggressive HFT trading, as HFT traders can have their losses cancelled out. This is not possible for LFTs (low frequency traders). The following is a list of some of the trades that have been cancelled: \n\n8/26/2010: Nasdaq cancels trades of CORE stock \n10/4/2010: Nasdaq cancels trades of CENX stock \n10/15/2010: NYSE cancels trades of PAY stock \n10/18/2010: NYSE cancels $500 million worth of SPY trades \n5/18/2011: NYSE cancels 15,900 trades of BEE.PR.C \n6/21/2011: Nasdaq cancels CNTY trades \n12/2/2011: London Metals Exchange cancels trades of copper."}
{"88": "\n\nAccording to Investopedia's article \"Who Actually Declares a Dividend,\" the Board of Directors is responsible for setting four important dates related to dividends. These dates can be determined through internal corporate convention or special circumstances. In some cases, a Board may opt to set a Payable Date greater than two weeks, such as during extended national holidays when accounting partners may be unavailable. However, if the chosen timeframe seems excessively long, shareholders may bring up the topic at the next shareholder meeting."}
{"89": "\n\nWhile it may be possible to purchase a house with cash, it is generally not recommended due to the lack of documentation and protection. When making a cash purchase, there is no record of the transaction, and counting out large sums of money can lead to errors and delays. Additionally, paying with cash may raise suspicion of illegal activity, although the likelihood of scrutiny from the IRS is lower when there is no paper trail. However, if large sums of money are withdrawn or deposited into a bank account, it may catch the attention of the government and be flagged as suspicious. Therefore, it is advisable to consider alternative payment methods that provide more security and accountability."}
{"90": "\n\nRevised:\n\n\"Book value\" refers to the value of a company if all assets are sold and the company is liquidated. \"Price\" is the value at which its shares are bought or sold by investors. If the price-to-book value ratio is less than one, it means the company is being traded at a lower value than its actual theoretical price. For example, if a $100 book value company is being traded at $99 or below, it is considered cheaper than its real value.\n\nHowever, there are cases where a company's valuation is based on factors such as production and orders, while the value of expensive real estate on which the plant is built is not taken into account by investors. Alternatively, a construction company may have a large inventory of real estate but may not have enough cash flow to sustain monthly expenses, which could lead the company to sell its real estate at a discount just to survive. In such cases, market investors may bring the price below the company's book value, indicating trouble and potential risk."}
{"91": "\n\nRevised: To invest, you need capital, and the most efficient means of accumulating capital is by fostering sound savings habits. Investing entails a continuous effort to amass wealth. Starting early is advantageous due to compounding. If you're ready to launch your investment journey, I can offer some pointers. Best of luck! :)"}
{"92": "\n\nThe level of risk you are comfortable with will determine your investment options. If you prefer a highly secure investment, your best option would be banks, even though interest rates may remain low for a while. However, if you're willing to take on a bit more risk, you could try investing in some index-tracking ETFs from providers such as Vanguard, Street State, and Betashares in Australia. To gain an overview of the Australian ETF market, StockSpot is a useful tool. By investing in an index of the market, such as S&P 200, through index funds, your potential risk level is reduced, though your potential returns may be limited. The market may still undergo significant fluctuations, which is riskier compared to keeping your money in an Australian bank. To begin, consider the free trade deals that HSBC, Nabtrade, Commsec, and Westpac have to offer, up to a specific value. It's recommended to switch to other free trading brokers or cheaper alternatives like CMC Markets once the free trade periods have ended."}
{"93": "\n\nWhile foreign exchange can be unpredictable, there are methods to approach the risk analysis that are not always straightforward. Unfortunately, I am not able to provide guidance on specific tools, but exploring financial analysis textbooks could offer some assistance. However, international businesses and individuals who frequently deal with multiple currencies may have more knowledge regarding these situations. One option to consider is examining foreign exchange rate futures and related instruments to determine market expectations for currency values. These futures prices can serve as a valuable point of reference."}
{"94": "\n\nAlthough it is not explicitly mentioned, if you have any outstanding debts, it would be wise to allocate the $3000 towards paying them off. This would be the most beneficial choice in the near future, as it carries no risks and guarantees a reward. College can bring about a wide range of unforeseen expenses and opportunities, so it's important to remain liquid and safeguard your working capital."}
{"95": "\n\nI believe it should be free. Why? I had a coupon worth $35, and I purchased an item for $35.01, including taxes, for a total payment of $0.01, which was rounded down to $0.00. To me, this situation is nearly identical to the one at hand."}
{"96": "\n\nYes, it is possible to claim travel expenses related to contract work at a separate location, but it must be done correctly. If you are not reimbursed by your tech company employer, you can claim the mileage between your home and the contracting location as a business expense. However, you must subtract the mileage between your home and your employer's location. For instance, if the distance from your home to your employer (location A) is 20 miles, and the distance from your home to the contracted business (location B) is 30 miles, you can only claim 10 miles each way, totaling 20 miles. But, if location B is closer to your home than your employer's location, you cannot claim this deduction. To take this deduction, you must itemize by filling out a Schedule A for itemized deductions and Form 2106 to determine the amount of the deduction for travel expenses. If you're unsure about whether to take the Standard Deduction or Itemize, you can Google \"should I itemize.\" Sources:"}
{"97": "\n\nWhen evaluating debt, I like to consider myself as a corporation. In life, there are various projects that one can undertake that may result in a positive net present value (defined as yielding more benefits than costs). Imagine that you have a project to construct a clothing factory that costs one million dollars and generates revenue of 1.5 million dollars over the next year. However, you lack the funds and decide to borrow the money from a bank at a 10% interest rate. At the year's end, this project returns $400,000. This example exemplifies \"good\" debt, where you borrow for something that creates value. Ideally, people should approach all purchases, even those made with cash, as investments in themselves. Even entertainment and luxury items can be seen as investments in one's happiness and relaxation. With this framework, people can allocate their finances more effectively, increasing their overall income. William, it would be wise to adopt this approach to personal finance."}
{"98": "\n\nI understand the responses to the question presented. It can be a complex process to inherit a 401(k). Ideally, it's best to transfer the account to an IRA after leaving the company to avoid the challenges highlighted by my respected colleagues. By transferring the account to an IRA, you have more flexibility due to the \"allowed but not required\" provision. Typically, there is little benefit to leaving the account with the 401(k) after leaving the company, with few exceptions. (Please note that if the account holder passes while still employed with the company, this option wouldn't be feasible.)"}
{"99": "\n\nTextbook values can decrease rapidly and be unpredictable depending on when you choose to sell them. Typically, the best times to sell are in January or August-September when semesters usually begin. Personally, I opt to sell my used textbooks on Amazon for approximately 10-15% below the highest market price of the past six months, or up to one year if there's sufficient historical data available (I use camelcamelcamel.com to access this data). Fortunately, my books tend to sell rather quickly at this fair price point."}
{"100": "\n\nIs it true that you cannot apply for a mortgage until the cash transaction is complete? Most likely. It wouldn't make sense to commit to a mortgage on something that is not yet owned. It is therefore logical to wait until the transaction is not only complete but also recorded. As for the financing process, would 45 days be a reasonable amount of time to complete it? Yes."}
{"101": "\n\nImagine you're creating a put option with a strike price of 80. If the share's price (or underlying asset) decreases to 70, the holder of the put will likely exercise their right to sell a share worth 70 at the strike price of 80. As the put option writer, you have an obligation to buy the share at the strike price of 80, even if it's currently trading at 70. It's important to always consider the holder's perspective because if they do exercise the option, the writer could experience a loss. The maximum loss for the writer is the breakeven FSP, which is calculated by subtracting the premium paid from the strike price. However, if the holder chooses not to exercise the option, you as the writer can make a profit, which is capped at the maximum put premium received."}
{"102": "\n\nRevised: When planning to make a purchase and go long in trading, it is best to use bid prices. These prices serve as the basis for the execution of your order and the finalization of the trade. On the other hand, if you wish to sell and go short, ask prices should be utilized. In analyzing the prices, you may choose to use either method or consider the midpoint between the two prices. However, it is important to note that as the FX market is highly liquid, bid and ask prices are often very close. For ease and convenience, it is recommended to stick with the convention mentioned above."}
{"103": "\n\nGold can be valued in two distinct ways: as a means or as an end. When valued as a means, it takes the form of currency and is valued similarly to the dollar. In this sense, gold is used to purchase goods and services, and its value is assigned during the process of an exchange. This value is subjective and varies from person to person. On the other hand, gold is valued as an end in itself; this happens when someone values gold for its intrinsic properties, such as its rarity, colour, and durability. However, few people view gold in this manner because it is not widely used in this way. Even those who value gold for its own sake often do so because it provides a function, such as being used to create jewellery. If this function were to disappear, the value of gold would likely decrease. Overall, gold has perceived value for most people, but innate value only for a select few."}
{"104": "\n\nThere are several reasons why companies choose to offer stocks to their employees, and these reasons may vary depending on the company's location. Firstly, by granting stocks to employees, it shows that they are invested in the company's success. This incentivizes employees to work harder to increase the value of their shares. Sometimes, there is a vestment period that requires employees to hold onto the stocks for a certain amount of time before they can sell them and they must also keep working at the company for a specific period.\n\nSecondly, providing stocks instead of cash doesn't affect the company's liquid cash. Though it is still an expense and could potentially devalue shares of other shareholders, it won't hinder the working capital that is necessary to maintain business activities.\n\nLastly, from an employee's perspective, receiving stocks could have tax benefits, particularly for substantial amounts. Depending on the jurisdiction, receiving shares could result in lower tax rates than receiving a cash equivalent sum. This is because the employee can draw out the money over time, reducing their tax obligation each year. There may be other methods available based on the jurisdiction that aren't applicable now.\n\nWe hope this information is helpful to you."}
{"105": "\n\nI believe it is not the method that is inadequate, but rather the premise that is flawed. If the dividend stream were truly to increase at a faster rate than the cost of capital permanently, then the company that issued the share would eventually surpass the size of the entire economy. It stands to reason that the growth rate must eventually taper off at a certain point."}
{"106": "\n\nAnimal Crossing is an excellent game suitable for people of all ages, teaching valuable lessons on saving money to pay off a mortgage and achieving success by assisting the community and reaping its rewards."}
{"107": "\n\nWhile it is theoretically possible to flip the shares you agreed to buy for a profit, you would need to rely on the market behaving in precise and potentially unlikely ways. In reality, it's challenging to pay more for a stock than its current listing and sell it again for enough to cover the difference, especially when factoring in commissions. Option transactions are essentially a bet, and unless you are confident in your predictive powers, you are likely to be the long-term loser. However, selling puts can offer win-win scenarios, where you are betting one direction but would be content with the alternative outcome. For instance, selling a $28 put on a stock you estimate to be worth that much ensures you either pocket a few bucks or receive 100 shares at the price you were willing to pay. While there is still room for error in your estimate, options are not unique in that regard, and bad estimations are a risk with any investment strategy."}
{"108": "\n\nYou are considering your options wisely. Option one comes with the added responsibility of considering the 5 D's in the contract - disinterest, divorce, drugs, death, and disagreement. Additionally, if you choose to purchase jointly and later decide to move or break up, you'll need to determine whether the remaining partner can refinance the mortgage. If they can't, the leaving party may struggle to secure financing for a new home. While I prefer the option of renting separately, I understand that you may be better positioned to own than your partner, who may have a stronger emotional need to own. If building equity is a priority, I recommend a 15-year or shorter mortgage, as building equity over a 30-year mortgage is not realistic."}
{"109": "\n\nI have never witnessed a corporate action such as a dividend or stock split occur during market hours. However, there have been a few instances where trading was suspended due to major events. The opening price of the market typically varies from the previous day's closing price and can frequently experience a gap up or down. Unfortunately, I am unaware of an API that can determine whether a dividend was paid in cash or stocks. Nonetheless, stocks paid in dividends are relatively uncommon."}
{"110": "\n\nWill the schools consider all the retirement savings I have accumulated in the past two decades as assets and use 5.x% of it to calculate my EFC? Absolutely."}
{"111": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt is unlikely that Canada will undergo a conversion to either the US Dollar or the hypothetical \"Amero\" proposed by JohnFX in the near future. The main challenge lies in convincing the public of the benefits, as the cons seem to outweigh the pros. This has become an issue for any government considering the change, and with Canada's current minority government status, the risk is especially high. To explore this topic further, refer to the Pros and Cons of Canadian Monetary Union, and for more on the potential impact on Mexico, see North American Currency Union. Interestingly, the idea of currency union was first proposed in 1999 when the Canadian Dollar was worth between $0.64 to $0.69 US. Today, the Canadian Dollar is much closer in value to the US Dollar (it even reached $1.10 US in Nov. 2007). Historical rates can be found on the Bank of Canada website."}
{"112": "\n\nIf you are selling through an intermediate, who sets up a shop for you, it is likely that they will collect and pay the sales tax on your behalf. In my experience, publishing books through Amazon has been straightforward as they handle this process for their sellers. However, if you can find a retailer that manages the tax implications, it may be worth considering them. \n\nEtsy, on the other hand, operates using a different model where you are responsible for paying the sales tax. This requires you to register with your state and pay taxes regularly. Here's a simple guide to help you with the process, specifically for New York. As an Etsy seller, it is vital to track the amount of tax owed from your sales every month, quarter, or year, according to your state laws. \n\nSetting up a sole proprietorship is the most comfortable and easiest business structure. However, if you wish to limit your legal liability or work with a partner, other forms of business structures may be worth exploring. But, for most craftspeople, a sole proprietorship is sufficient to kick-start their business. Record the income by filing a 1040 Schedule C when you do your personal taxes annually."}
{"113": "\n\nIs this scenario genuine or is it purely hypothetical? It seems improbable that there would be a $1 discrepancy between the bid and ask for a stock that is trading at around $5 to $6 and has a substantial $4 million volume, as this indicates high liquidity. This situation may occur for a stock with trade volume in the thousands, but not for one with millions of shares traded. Regarding your inquiry, whether you are short selling or selling a stock that you own, the order process would remain the same. Your order would be placed on the ask side and would need to be matched with a bid price to make a legitimate transaction."}
{"114": "\n\nSeveral brokers provide a range of ETFs without incurring transaction expenses. Among these brokers, TD Ameritrade's and Schwab's offerings are noteworthy. Opting for this approach will enhance diversification, while keeping friction to a minimum."}
{"115": "\n\nYou may want to think about obtaining a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) for your business transactions as a landlord, and use it instead of your SSN for this purpose. I presume that they want this information so they can issue you a 1099 form, which is required if they are claiming the rent as a business expense. In addition, it might be helpful to have the tenant instruct their employer to contact you directly. There is no reason for the tenant to obtain your SSN/TIN in this scenario."}
{"116": "58 on Dec 31st to $4.61 on March 16th, with intermediate prices of $4.58 on Feb 28th, yields a year to date return of 0.652174%.\n\nFor the calendar year to date, with 200 shares sold on Jan 10th at $4.58 per share, the return from Dec 31st to Jan 10th is -0.43%, the return from Jan 10th to Feb 28th is 0%, and the return from Feb 28th to March 16th is 0.652174%. The profit on 1000 shares from Dec 31st to Jan 10th is -$20, the profit on 800 shares from Jan 10th to Feb 28th is zero, and the profit on 800 shares from Feb 28th to March 16th is $24. So the year to date profit is $4."}
{"117": "The investment world is a constantly evolving and highly competitive industry, with professional traders and supercomputers working tirelessly to make rapid and smart trade decisions. Attempting to match their expertise can result in wasted time and money. This is where a good wealth manager comes in. They have the ability to save you both time and money, while also optimizing your current savings. The annual fee for wealth management typically ranges from close to zero to 0.75% depending on the strategy and services offered. Investing in the S&P500 on behalf of an investor shouldn't require a fee, but more complex strategies with independent returns from market movement, like a smart beta or alpha strategy, will involve a fee. Large, successful funds like Renaissance Technologies and Citadel can charge up to 3% alongside 30% of profits because their returns still exceed the market. To determine if a fee is justified, evaluate the risk-adjusted performance of the strategy and consider the Sharpe ratio. My personal rule of thumb for money-management fees is that I am willing to pay for a fee that can justify the returns."}
{"118": "\n\nGenerally, small-cap stocks are more vulnerable to downturns and tight credit conditions. This is because small companies face greater difficulty in raising capital, and any slight shifts in cash flow can have a significant impact on their performance. However, during economic recoveries and periods of cheap credit, small companies tend to outperform larger companies. Furthermore, during severe recessions, well-financed small companies may be undervalued, as analysts and institutional investors tend to \"punish\" the entire small-cap sector. These companies may present excellent investment opportunities for astute investors."}
{"119": "\n\nFennec's answer is correct, but it may contain too much detail. To simplify, a put option grants the right to sell a stock. For instance, \"16 puts on Cisco at 71 cents\" means John is willing to pay Jim 71 cents now for the opportunity to sell one share of Cisco to Jim in the future, on the expiration date, for $16. The NYT quote refers to buying 1000 contracts, or a right to sell 100,000 shares of Cisco at $16/share on a future date. Similarly, a call option gives one the right to buy a stock."}
{"120": "\n\nThe best option available for what you're looking for is a FOREX exchange. A country's currency value is impacted by various factors, including the growth of its economy. Through currency arbitrage, you can speculate on the growth of a particular economy."}
{"121": "\n\nIf you only have $100, it may be best to keep your money in Mexico. The expenses associated with opening an account could easily consume 10% or more of your capital, leaving you unable to purchase enough shares of an ETF or other viable investment to make it worth your while."}
{"122": "\n\nRevised: It's important to note that Ethereum trades are not subject to the same regulations as securities. Therefore, comparing the two markets might not be appropriate in this case. Cryptocurrency trading offers a unique opportunity for traders to capitalize on market inefficiencies at all times. If you prioritize flexibility and control in your investments, then trading in the crypto market could be beneficial for you. However, it's worth noting that some brokers can restrict their retail clients from executing trades on their own. Also, the market manipulation rules that apply to equity markets may not be relevant in the crypto market. It's possible that a compliance review was prompted in this situation because the transaction was executed ahead of schedule. Finally, it's important to understand that brokers can choose to refuse a limit order for various reasons."}
{"123": "\n\nAs noted by @littleadv and @DumbCoder in their comments above, the Bloomberg Terminal may not be a cost-effective option for individual investors. However, there are alternatives available for free, such as Yahoo and Google Finance. On the other hand, if you require access to comprehensive financial metrics, including historic statements and consensus estimates, I would suggest checking out Worldcap's iPad solution. Although it is not free, it is considerably more affordable than Bloomberg and Reuters. Please note that I am affiliated with WorldCap."}
{"124": "\n\nConsider these important factors when planning to build a new home. Alan and Denise Fields provide more detail in Your New House. First, consider permanent work and where you want to live. Are there suitable job opportunities nearby and how much do they pay? Second, make sure to have an emergency fund for unexpected expenses, and a personal line of credit if building for someone else. Third, determine your total budget for lot, utilities, permits, taxes, financing charges, building costs, and contingency allowance. Talk to a banker and build-on-your-lot builder for guidance. Fourth, consider a finished lot budget and down payment, and talk to a loan officer about their expectations for underwriting.\n\nFifth, research lot loans and ask about costs like appraisals, points, and recording fees. Consider rental costs, commute time and expense, lot availability, utilities, easements, and zoning laws. Sixth, choose a reputable builder for construction loans and obtain plansets and permits. Be prepared for possible issues with the contractor and ensure the bank will support you. Seventh, research insurance options, property taxes, and energy costs, including a possible need for earthquake insurance. Finally, review design ideas from sources such as A Pattern Language by Christopher Alexander, The Not-So-Big House by Sarah Susanka, Before the Architect by Ralph Pressel, and Tim Garrison, the builder's engineer."}
{"125": "\n\nYou have misunderstood the taxation laws concerning LLCs. In many countries, LLCs are viewed as separate entities for tax purposes and are subject to double taxation. This means that the LLC pays taxes on gains made from selling assets, and when you withdraw money (i.e., dividends) from the LLC to your personal account, you also pay income tax on the withdrawal. Corporate entities generally do not receive any special tax treatment for their investments. However, in the US, LLCs are considered pass-through entities, and only incur taxes at the individual owner's level. Unless you choose to treat your LLC as a corporation, your taxes are not affected when investing in stocks. It is important to note that investing in stocks is not considered a tax-deductible expense and will not reduce profits."}
{"126": "\n\nThere are no restrictions on the types of investments you can make, such as trading stocks, as long as it's not considered a business activity, like day-trading or investing on behalf of others. The only requirements are that you have a valid tax ID (either ITIN or SSN) and that you pay taxes on any gains or dividends earned. Additionally, it's important to take into account the tax laws in your home country, as you are likely still considered a tax resident there."}
{"127": "\n\nHave you considered taking into account both class A and other share classes of Google stock?"}
{"128": "\n\nThe primary source to consult is IRS Publication 529. Although I'm not a tax professional, I believe that if the fees and subscriptions contribute to the operation of your business, they are eligible for tax deduction. Please note that my opinion is not a substitute for professional advice, and the decision is ultimately yours. ;)"}
{"129": "\n\nI enjoy providing responses that may not offer a clear cut solution. The decision to sell a car depends on various factors. If driving an older car embarrasses you or your significant other dislikes it, while also not maintaining the vehicle well and experiencing numerous issues, then the value of the car will likely decrease below the blue book value, and it may be best to sell it. However, if you are unconcerned about the car's appearance, it runs smoothly with minimal repairs, you maintain it yourself, and have a supportive network of friends willing to help if needed, then the car's worth to you may never go below the official blue book value. Therefore, you can drive the car until it's no longer feasible. The blue book value is the average value of a car's age and exterior condition, and the difference between its worth to other individuals and yourself determines the decision to sell. For instance, there are some people who do not mind buying cheap used cars and use them until they eventually fall apart. As they earned more, it became too time-consuming to perform their repairs, and their perception of old cars' value declined, leading them to purchase newer models. This is why it's challenging to provide a straightforward answer."}
{"130": "\n\nDo you enjoy those desirable perks that come with using your credit card? It's important to recognize that these benefits are funded through the fees that you may be attempting to avoid by paying with cash. Credit card companies generate profit through interest, merchant fees, and additional fees such as annual fees. In order to stimulate more transactions and increase merchant fees, these companies offer rewards to their users. For small businesses, it's essential to strike a balance between the cost of credit card transactions and the convenience they provide to customers. To combat the higher cost of processing small credit card transactions - which, at 2% or 50 cents (whichever is greater), can be quite expensive - some small businesses may choose to establish a minimum transaction amount. While businesses do factor in the cost of credit card usage into their prices, they can still gain a little extra profit if some customers opt to pay in cash."}
{"131": "\n\nIn short, the answer is yes, but it cannot be done through deductions on Schedule A. Instead, an employer can create a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for their employees. This account can be used for approved expenses such as medical and transportation costs, with a separate account for each category. Contributions can be made within set limits, for example, $255 a month for transportation, using pre-tax income. These contributions can then be deducted, and the funds can be withdrawn to cover expenses. FSAs are similar to deductible IRAs, except they are for spending rather than retirement. As FSA trustee, the employer handles the paperwork required."}
{"132": "\n\nThere is no single \"best\" way to handle payments, as each option comes with associated costs. Depending on the transaction amounts and your business needs, there are a variety of options available. For small businesses with individual customers, PayPal is a convenient choice. However, if you want to accept credit cards, you'll need to set up a gateway on your website. Wire transfer is another option, but it can be more expensive for both you and your customers."}
{"133": "\n\nThe topic at hand is \"Ex Post Facto\" laws. While the US is constitutionally barred from implementing criminal laws retroactively, the US Supreme Court has upheld many tax laws that apply tax code changes retroactively. For a more exhaustive discussion of the legal implications, you may want to pose a similar query on Law.SE. However, I will limit my response to the personal finance aspect of the issue. Essentially, you cannot bank on current tax laws remaining in place in the future, so it is prudent to maintain some flexibility in your investment and retirement strategies. For instance, consider having both Roth and traditional 401(k) accounts. It is not advisable to have millions of dollars in Roth accounts as any retroactive changes to tax laws will likely target higher balances. In assessing tax deductions, it is better to prioritize deductions that apply at present over those that apply in the future. Lastly, if you run into trouble due to a retroactive shift, it is important to consult a tax attorney specializing in handling IRS-related issues in order to negotiate a potential settlement for less than the full tax bill resulting from such changes."}
{"134": "\n\nOver the summer, I took out a loan from my 401(k) to put towards the down payment on a new house. As we planned to sell our condo within a few months, we only required the loan for a short time and aimed to keep monthly payments low since we would be paying for two mortgages. I believed the market might decline in the future, so I wanted to capitalize on the chance to sell high and buy back low (however, this did not occur). In July 2017, I withdrew $17,000 from my account, consisting of $16,850 principal and a $150 processing fee. The loan carried an effective APR of 4.19%, with payments of $86.00 every month over 10 years totaling a finance charge of $3,790 paid back into my account. I was satisfied with the terms, as it temporarily secured my finances until the condo was sold. However, I was forced to pay back the loan roughly 20 weeks later following a change in employment. This occurred using the proceeds from the condo's sale. By then, the market had improved, causing the net difference in shares I now owned, including the bought shares from interest payments, to fall short of the original count by $538.25 in today's value. Together with the $150 fee, the overall cost of the 20-week loan was roughly 4.05%, due to the withdrawn principal's loss in value. On paper, my account balance would have been more if I had not withdrawn the money. If you estimate the current market return into 52 weeks, this translates to the loan having an APR cost of roughly 10.5%, although this is not useful for a multi-year calculation, it seems accurate for a 12-month projection. The genuine cost of the loan relies greatly on the market's performance, and if you can pay it back, it's worth doing so, as you may be mandated to do so at any time if your employment ends or you switch jobs. Maintaining substantial liquid resources to try and anticipate a dip in the market is not practical since funding the loan took six days and another week to clarify queries. Repaying the loan took ten days from the initial paperwork to check cashing and repurchasing shares."}
{"135": "\n\nYou mentioned owning an LDD. If your income falls below a certain threshold (currently \u20ac19,255 per year for a single person, which is likely if you're a student), then you're eligible to open a Livret d'\u00e9pargne populaire (LEP). It functions similarly to a Livret A/LDD, with the exception that you should fill the LEP first before adding money to your LDD (assuming that your Livret Jeune is maxed out, as they typically offer higher interest rates than the LEP). It's possible that your bank, like mine, doesn't advertise LEPs particularly well, and few people are aware of their existence. PS: The French government's financial website has a comprehensive section on finances that's both clear and detailed. It would be beneficial for you to review it."}
{"136": "\n\nIn light of your helpful clarifying comment that you are inquiring about the length of stay rather than solely focusing on AirBnB, it is possible that there may be tax discrepancies. While income tax may not vary, certain cities may require transaction taxes for short-term stays. For example, my local town imposes a \"transient occupancy tax\" for stays less than 31 days. Unfortunately, the application of these taxes varies from city to city, making it difficult to determine whether they apply in your situation. You will need to research your local laws, which can be easy to access if your town maintains a comprehensive website about local laws. However, if not, you may need to conduct more in-depth research. Regardless, it's important to investigate potential taxes since noncompliance may result in penalties. Due to AirBnB's growing popularity, many municipalities have cracked down on renters who evade taxes, and who may not comply with other zoning laws applicable to neighborhood residential areas if running a business from their rental property."}
{"137": "\n\nRevised: It is generally not beneficial to issue new stock as a dividend because this would only dilute the company's existing shareholders by the same amount as the dividend payout. However, if there are various share classes or rights tied to the stock price (such as options or warrants), issuing a properly structured stock dividend could potentially benefit one group of shareholders over others - although this is typically illegal. If stock dividends are common in China, it could be due to unique regulatory or tax-related circumstances that differ from those in the US markets. China is known for having capital controls, currency exchange limitations, and opaque markets."}
{"138": "\n\nAccording to the information provided on http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc503.html, individuals are able to deduct \"Any state or local income tax paid during the year, including any prior year's state or local income tax paid during the year.\" Therefore, it can be concluded that, provided that accurate records are kept, any excess refund that was paid back during the year in question can be deducted. The deductibility of this excess refund should not be impacted by whether or not one's tax return was amended."}
{"139": "\n\nThere is very little chance of finding reasonable interest rates on savings accounts in the foreseeable future. Banks are provided with free government funds, so there is no demand for your money. This is unlikely to have any significant immediate impact on you."}
{"140": "\n\nPlease keep in mind that when funding your online casino account, you originally provided either your credit/debit card information or your bank account number and routing number. If you have not seen any fraudulent activity on your account(s) since then, and you made the initial contact with the company, what they are asking for is not unusual. Many companies require account/routing information to do financial business, which does not necessarily imply nefarious intentions. Therefore, do not jump to conclusions unless there are other serious red flags that you have not disclosed. Although it is a bit peculiar that they would send a check for only a portion of your winnings, it is possible that they are doing this to demonstrate good faith and explain why they need your information to send the rest of the winnings. Opening a bank account specifically for receiving your winnings is a wise suggestion. Taking it further, once the transfer is complete, visit the bank in person and withdraw the cash. This way, there will be no connection between the two accounts in case you have concerns. Best of luck!"}
{"141": "\n\nThe main challenge associated with owning individual stocks is their susceptibility to price fluctuations, also known as risk. Your described scenarios assume that the stock will behave exactly as anticipated, such as the price or portfolio doubling, yet it is essential to take risk into account. The Sharpe Ratio and Sortino Ratio are two methods for measuring risk in a stock or portfolio. Diversification is frequently advised to individual investors as a way to decrease risk; however, this is only part of the story. You can construct a portfolio that minimizes risk when you can identify stocks that are not priced correlated. This method results in the avoidance of a 10 percent tax on stock grants, yet it requires the acceptance of considerable risk to avoid the differential 10 percent tax. Investing in a lower-risk ETF rather than an individual stock is an alternative to investing in a single stock. Additionally, you can chart the growth and price of an ETF, such as SPY, against your stock to observe the difference in both growth and fluctuation. You can compare the volatility, or beta, of your stock to SPY, like IBM, and assess your willingness to accept that risk. By identifying stocks that have opposite movements and creating a beta-balanced portfolio, the variability can be reduced, thereby lowering the risk, albeit at the cost of a potential decrease in the overall return. Single stocks are not suitable for this, but one can balance the risk for this stock grant by using the rest of the portfolio if there is more money to invest. For instance, some years ago, I accumulated more than 10,000 shares in a company, where I worked. During my tenure, their stock price fluctuated between $30/share and less than $1/share. I was able to sell at $3/share."}
{"142": "\n\nDuring the settlement period, payment and ownership are exchanged between the buyer and seller. This practice originated from the days when most stock trading was conducted by human traders, and computers had limited involvement. Paper tickets were used for trading, and the settlement period was five days, making the currently accepted three-day period an improvement. Settlement periods were necessary to allow traders to finalize their transactions and ensure that every settlement was completed accurately. However, smaller trading firms without technology had longer settlement periods, prolonging the process. Today, technology makes settlements easy, and they typically occur at the end of each trading day. Trading firms calculate their trades, determine who they owe, and send lump sum payments to their counterparts. The 3-day period may now be used for trade verification. I wish you well on your trading ventures!"}
{"143": "\n\nYour reasoning is sound, but it's unrealistic to expect the tax laws to always make sense. I recommend seeking assistance from a professional tax preparer who holds a CPA or EA designation. They can help you decipher the issue, including relevant sections of the French-US tax treaty, and advise you appropriately. In addition, since you may need to report income in France, seeking guidance from a French tax professional is advisable. You cannot state that you had no US revenue during the year in question."}
{"144": "\n\nThe SWIFT network operates in a federated manner, with connection routing going through country servers to regional servers that are all maintained by SWIFT. Banks establish corresponding relationships with other banks and play a crucial role in actual settlement, taking on a certain amount of risk. The L/C business is highly risky and expensive."}
{"145": "\n\nYou asked whether there was a real purpose in purchasing bonds, and then went on a rant. Before the question gets closed, let me offer some insight: The chart shows the 10-year bond rate from around 1960 to 2004, with a coupon rate over 4% during that time period. Asset allocation recommends a stock/bond mix, to avoid putting \"all of one's eggs in one basket\". A 70/30 mix provides almost 95% of long-term returns with less volatility. I'm not claiming that a 2% 10-year bond is exciting, but bonds do have a place in investment portfolios. I won't go into every point you made, but point #5 is especially questionable. If you believe it to be true, you should probably short bonds at least 99% of the time. Can you provide data to support this statement?"}
{"146": "\n\nSince around 2004, Japan has hosted a long-standing competition where individuals can operate their own software agents within a virtual market. This market updates its data daily with information from the real world. If a participant's agent performs well, the organizer may grant them access to operate in the real market. To the best of my knowledge, the language used within this competition is restricted to Java. However, the operating system is not limited, as the agents are designed to function within the environment provided by the organizer. The availability of English support on their website may be limited."}
{"147": "\n\nBased on what you've expressed, it would be wise for you to consider looking for an advisor. Consider the amount of time you would need to invest in pursuing the strategies that you've listed - many of which have already been studied and understood by reputable advisors. While the information provided is relevant to Canada, the basic concepts discussed are universal. We hope that the following resource will prove helpful in your search for knowledge: http://www.getsmarteraboutmoney.ca/Pages/default.aspx"}
{"148": "\n\nPurchase NSE data products and gain access to valuable historical order book information. Please note that the live order book may not be immediately accessible. Visit https://www.nseindia.com/supra_global/content/dotex/data_products.htm for a full list of available data products from NSE."}
{"149": "\n\nIs the market cap determined by multiplying the share price with the number of outstanding shares? If so, then the resulting figure is quite significant in terms of magnitude."}
{"150": "\n\nRevised: While I may not be fully informed, my understanding is that leasing is primarily aimed at managing cash-flow in a business. It involves a consistent monthly payment rather than a lump sum payment upfront. My German accountant has recommended that I pay in cash, take out a loan (often with good rates offered by manufacturers), or opt for leasing in that order of preference. As the leasing company must source the necessary funds for the transaction, they are unlikely to operate at a loss. Additionally, they likely possess a greater understanding of resale values and can factor these into their calculations when determining the most beneficial deal. I don't see any particular advantage in leasing an electric car over another type of vehicle. Ultimately, I am leaning towards purchasing a vehicle using a loan provided by the manufacturer, as this option often includes favorable insurance deals. Moreover, in Germany, the entire VAT can be claimed back immediately upon signing a loan agreement."}
{"151": "\n\nThe balance represents the outstanding amount that is owed."}
{"152": "\n\nRevised: The principle of \"possession is 9/10 of the law\" applies, and any agreement between yourself and your grandfather is subject to the uniform commercial code governing contracts. As long as you fulfill your obligation to make payments, the terms of the contract remain agreed upon by both borrower and lender. In essence, the car is your property unless you stop making payments, sell it, or it is destroyed. While being upside down on the value of the car in relation to your debt may seem concerning, it is not a significant issue if you have insurance covering what is owed."}
{"153": "\n\nIt is uncertain how reliable the information is, but a website states that non-living entities such as corporations or partnerships are allowed to contribute to an ESA for living individuals. The tax law permits such contributions without considering the usual donor income limit. Moreover, the mentioned site suggests that one can give the child $2K to contribute to their own ESA, making it effortless to bypass the income limit."}
{"154": "\n\nAccording to information found on the Yahoo Finance Help page, the Beta used is specifically the Beta of Equity. This measure reflects the monthly price change of a particular company in relation to the monthly price change of the S&P500. Typically, the Beta time period spans 3 years or 36 months, if that data is available. As for customised time periods, it does not seem that option is available."}
{"155": "\n\nRevised: I previously worked for a company that provided gifts to employees, with the stipulation that we remain employed for a year after receiving them or be charged the gift's cost (including taxes) in our final paycheck. I agreed to these terms in writing. However, your situation with the incentive trip is different, as it should have been reported as income when you received it, with no option to return it. It is not acceptable for the company to treat employees differently for tax purposes. It's possible that there were requirements attached to winning the trip that were not clearly communicated. The company's actions in this case seem inappropriate, and if you believe you were not taxed fairly, you should report this to the IRS. As for the company potentially repeating this behavior, once you have received your final paycheck, they cannot issue any further payments. In most states, the final paycheck should be given on your last day of work or soon after."}
{"156": "\n\nAssuming you are referring to deducting your tuition as a business expense or similar below the line deduction, the eligibility depends on certain criteria. As per 1.162-5, if the education qualifies as a legitimate business expense, it is deductible. However, if you are pursuing a different career, such as someone employed as a waiter pursuing a degree in nursing or someone employed as a teacher obtaining a law degree, it does not qualify for a deduction. In such cases, you would have to qualify under simpler, lesser credits. You can find more information on this topic in Tax topic 513. Please note that the above-the-line Tuition and Fees deduction, which was commonly applicable, expired in 2016 and is not currently applicable. Additionally, the deduction only applies to tuition and fees required directly by the institution as a condition of attendance and does not include expenses such as books, parking, etc."}
{"157": "\n\nYour ability to obtain a loan depends on your equity, which is your assets minus your liabilities. If you possess a significant amount of equity, banks will be more willing to lend you money as they know they can repossess your assets if needed. However, if you have limited equity, you could explore hard money lenders, although they typically charge exorbitant rates and may offer lend-to-own programs. It is also essential to take into account Pete's advice and temper your optimism."}
{"158": "\n\nTo achieve your desired outcome, reach out to Wells Fargo by phone or by visiting a branch. Instead of specifying the method you believe is necessary to accomplish your goal, explain what you are trying to achieve. Avoid mentioning terms like \"ACH DEBIT,\" as they may not be relevant to your situation. Instead, describe that you require a digital transfer to a particular account at a specific bank. Then, inquire about whether Wells Fargo has a solution that fits your needs."}
{"159": "\n\nThe treatment of asset appreciation depends on whether the gains are realized or unrealized. If the appreciation is realized, meaning the asset has been sold for liquidity, Derek_6424246's suggestion is appropriate. On the other hand, if the gains are unrealized, meaning the underlying asset(s) have only increased or decreased in value, it may be wise to record it under an Income:Unrealized Gains account. The main distinction between the two lies in taxable events; realized gains are taxable, whereas unrealized gains are not. For instance, when tracking retirement account values, it is often useful to exclude interest, dividends, and contributions from the calculation and instead label the increase in value as income from an Income:Unrealized Gains account. This provides an accurate assessment of net worth, but the money is non-liquid and non-taxable. There is no need to create an additional Expense account to track losses. Think of the Unrealized Gains account as an income account that can fluctuate up and down (and potentially even become negative) over time."}
{"160": "\n\nIn Maryland, landlords must hold tenants' security deposits in an escrow account and return them with interest. The interest paid is simple and not compounded, and the rate has changed over the years. Prior to October 1, 2004, the rate was 4%, before going down to 3% until January 1, 2015. The current rate is 1.5%, or the simple interest rate accrued at the daily U.S. Treasury yield curve rate for one year, as of the first business day of each year, whichever is higher (this year's rate is 1.5%). \n\nTo make calculating this interest easier, Maryland's Department of Housing and Community Development offers a Security Deposit Calculator. However, it's important to note that it only works for deposits made since January 1, 2015. It's also unclear whether the interest rate in effect when the security deposit was made is the same over the years. \n\nIf the interest rate remains at 4%, the maximum interest a tenant could receive after 43 years is $429.76, which is $158 plus ($158 x 4% x 43). Since interest is accrued every six months, tenants won't receive interest for the three months they rented in their 44th year. However, under the new law, starting this year, interest will be accrued monthly. \n\nIf the interest rate fluctuates with new laws, tenants can expect to receive at least $413.18 for their security deposit, which is $158 plus ($158 x 4% x 32.5) plus ($158 x 3% x 10.25) plus ($158 x 1.5% x 0.5). \n\nIt's also worth noting that while the Security Deposit Calculator works for most of Maryland, the laws in Prince George's County may differ. Tenants in that county should check their local ordinances to ensure they understand their security deposit policies."}
{"161": "\n\nI advise caution when dealing with the Motley Fool. Their success stems largely from their investment strategy book, which contains useful advice but also promotes a flawed approach known as \"The Foolish Four\" investing strategy. This method involves a buy-and-hold approach with 18-month evaluation periods, but it has been disproven through data mining. It's worth noting that the Motley Fool acknowledges this here: http://www.fool.com/ddow/2000/ddow001214.htm."}
{"162": "\n\nThe calculation is quite simple: (x + 0.0625x) = 200, which results in x = 200/1.0625 = $188.24. However, when factoring in tax, the total would be $200.01. Personally, I would prefer to pay the extra penny and leave it at that."}
{"163": "\n\nHow does one determine the value of a business? Typically, its value is based on the assets and debt it owns, the risk level of its operations, and its annual profit. For instance, if a company consistently earns $100 annually, what is its worth? If you pay $1,000, you'll receive a 10% annual return on your investment. Is that satisfactory? However, if you believe that the company's risky nature demands a 20% payoff, $500 would be the maximum value you should consider."}
{"164": "\n\nThe statement made in a personal finance book that a company located in a country with credit rating X cannot have a credit rating better than X is incorrect. Real-world examples such as ADP, XOM, JNJ, MSFT and Toyota, all triple-A rated companies, prove this statement wrong. Furthermore, a credit rating is not a measure of the \"risk of doing business,\" but rather an evaluation of an individual or company's ability to repay its obligations. Therefore, the credit rating of a government does not necessarily impact the credit rating of companies in that country. While a government's credit rating can affect companies with investments in government treasuries, it does not determine a company's own creditworthiness. Readers of financial literature should evaluate statements critically and strive to understand the nuances of credit ratings."}
{"165": "\n\nRevised: How does it work? Well, selling short can only generate profits if the price decreases and you buy back at a lower rate. On the other hand, if the price is increasing, you would opt for a long position. Short selling offers benefits when the price of a stock or asset falls while going long yields profits when the price rises. However, if your assessment of price movement is incorrect, you can lose money. If you went long, you may sell for a lower rate than what you paid, or if you sold short, you may have to buy back at a higher price than you initially sold for. To prevent losses, it is essential to have a good stop-loss strategy. Ideally, traders should be able to handle short-term losses and recover them later."}
{"166": "\n\nI'm not sure if the data is available for the 1980s, but I came across a response to my previous question which discusses how to retrieve stock related information from Google or Yahoo finance within a specific timeframe. You may do this on Excel or Google Spreadsheet to retrieve the desired data. As cited in the old post, Google Docs spreadsheets offer a function for filling up stock and fund prices. This data can then be used to plot (fund1/fund2) over a particular period of time."}
{"167": "\n\nI'm going to offer a differing viewpoint here--paying off your bill too quickly may not be the best strategy. Ideally, you want the credit bureau to report that you paid your bill on time and in full. In order to achieve this, you need to allow the charges to accumulate and pay them in accordance with the billing schedule. It's perfectly acceptable to pay less than the total amount due, or to pay as soon as you receive the bill, but paying before the bill arrives may not be the most advantageous approach."}
{"168": "\n\nThe amount of income taxes you owe depends on your income after valid business expenses, your filing status, and the ownership form of your business, as well as the state you reside in. Make sure to make timely Federal 1040ES quarterly prepayments to avoid penalties. Additionally, you need to file a schedule SE with your 1040 for the social security taxes you owe, which is in addition to your income taxes. As a self-employed individual, you are responsible for both your share and the employer's share of FICA taxes, known as self-employment tax. If your spouse is also self-employed, they need to file their own schedule SE, and your 1040Es quarterly prepayment should cover both of your self-employment taxes as well as your income taxes. The impact of schedule SE on your final tax liability varies and is best determined by reviewing Form 1040 Schedule SE Instructions and Form 1040 Schedule SE. Finally, your state income taxes will vary based on the laws of the state you are based in."}
{"169": "\n\nIndividuals who travel lengthy distances typically prefer to utilize larger, well-constructed roads such as freeways or motorways, which are designed for high-speed driving. Even though certain individuals may find these roads intimidating, they are significantly safer in terms of the number of accidents per kilometer driven for a variety of reasons:"}
{"170": "While I don't have a straightforward answer for you, there are some other things to consider before making a decision. Firstly, consult a CPA as Joe recommended. Additionally, it would be best to get a few contractors to evaluate the house and provide quotes for any necessary repairs. This will give you an accurate estimate of the extent and cost of the work required. You might also consider getting an up-to-date appraisal, especially if you can get an \"after improvements\" estimate from the appraiser. Housing market fluctuations could significantly impact your property's value, so this is something to keep in mind. If you're in doubt about the market value, reaching out to a local property management company for advice might be helpful. In terms of costs, you may have to pay for these services, with an appraisal costing around $500 based on my experience. Plan for travel expenses if you need to be on-site during evaluations. Finally, note that where I'm from, there is a law protecting homestead rights, meaning your ex may still have a claim to the property. Check your divorce settlement or speak to your attorney to confirm your status. Refinancing your mortgage may be another option to reduce payments or secure funds for repairs. If you're still considering helping out your friend, try to bring their rent up to the level of the mortgage. Alternatively, consider finding roommates or other ways for your friend to contribute to the maintenance of the property. It's essential to have a clear agreement in writing, especially in such situations."}
{"171": "\n\nBy paying off your debts, not only will you lower your monthly payment to creditors and mitigate the risk of foreclosure, repossession, or lawsuits in the event of an income loss, but you'll also minimize your overall risk. Risk is a significant factor that is sometimes ignored. In addition, it appears that withdrawing funds from the market could also decrease your annual tax liability."}
{"172": "\n\nAfter being rejected for an American Express card, I attempted to apply for a Marbles Credit Card. However, I quickly realized that applying for more credit cards or loans can negatively impact my credit rating. The credit agencies view multiple credit checks as a sign of desperation for credit, which is not ideal. Additionally, the Marbles Credit Card offers a 44.9% Annual Percentage Rate (APR), which is very expensive. In fact, personal loans with much lower interest rates can be obtained on the high street. Borrowing from websites like Amingo Loans, which offers a 44% interest rate and requires a guarantor, is not a wise decision. It could potentially harm not only me but also my family members. Instead, I would recommend contacting the Money Advice Service or the National Debt Line for government-backed assistance. These services offer practical advice and can even help negotiate with creditors. Additionally, the Money Saving Expert advises against borrowing more to get out of a debt problem, as it only exacerbates the situation."}
{"173": "\n\nA better way to approach vehicle ownership is to always consider buying instead of leasing, unless the vehicle will be utilized for business purposes where lease payments can be expensed. Leasing can be deceptive, as it is essentially renting, and dealerships often wish for individuals to opt for this method. When deciding between a new or pre-owned vehicle, new cars offer better warranty but one could still potentially secure a great deal on a used car that is 1-3 years old."}
{"174": "\n\nInitially, I was concerned that discussing ways to \"help the economy\" might be too broad, given the countless actions one can take with their money. Still, I believe it is possible to cover some general concepts without listing every detail. Regular investing provides companies with capital from selling stocks, which can help the economy through expansion and other activities. However, some may use this money for executive bonuses instead. On the other hand, spending money carelessly is usually unhelpful unless we are in a recession. Instead, investing in durable improvements that promote long-term economic activity is preferable.\n\nOne way to achieve this goal is by investing in programs that loan money forward or establish scholarships or infrastructure, such as roads or solar installations, that promote economic activity. Microfinance can assist hundreds or thousands of people in the United States or developing countries by allowing them to borrow small sums. Alternatively, scholarships can be established or added to existing programs to advance educational opportunities. In addition, a solar prize program can incentivize families struggling to pay utilities while promoting renewable energy sources.\n\nWhether investing during regular business cycles or spending during a recession, it is critical to ensure that the money has a societal return. An investment can establish a new business, train a capable employee, or improve transportation access, which benefits individuals and society as a whole. Thus, the aim must be to make the money do double duty to create lasting benefits that promote economic activity."}
{"175": "\n\nThe appreciation or depreciation of a currency in relation to another is a crucial factor in determining the economic stability of a nation. It significantly impacts global trade and the free market economy. Additionally, it has a ripple effect on individual investors, which is why it is imperative to make informed trades while considering the value of other currencies.\n\nTherefore, it is recommended that investors stay vigilant and well-informed by staying abreast of the latest news and market updates. By doing so, they can make educated decisions while conducting trades that can directly impact their investment portfolios."}
{"176": "\n\nI added the total annual out-of-pocket costs for each level to provide a clearer picture. Your question is understandable, but it's not so much a question of affordability as it is an attempt to save money. These plans operate on the premise of allowing some degree of choice based on an individual's past experiences. While I could comfortably afford any option, our past visit history indicates that the lowest-cost plan has the highest premium. A young couple who rarely visits the doctor may opt for the highest deductible plan, despite the potential risk of paying an extra $3434 in a bad year in exchange for a $1016 savings. Personally, I find it difficult to reliably determine the most beneficial middle options, so it's likely that the two extremes are more commonly selected."}
{"177": "\n\nAs a minor, you can pay taxes just like everyone else. The government requires its cut from your income, but you are also entitled to receive a personal allowance similar to any other individual. You will not have to pay income tax until your net income reaches \u00a310,800 (for the tax year from April 2015 to April 2016, which may change in future years). Once you turn 16, you will also have to pay national insurance, which is another form of tax, but at a lower threshold. The current rates are \u00a32.80/week if you earn \u00a35,965 or more annually, and 9% on any income above \u00a38,060 (up to \u00a342,385). To calculate your \"net income\" or \"profits,\" subtract expenses related to your business (not personal) from your income. To ensure accurate reporting, keep detailed records of your income and expenses, including electronic receipts. If your net income exceeds the amount that requires taxes and national insurance, set aside enough money to cover these payments. Visit the government's website for general advice on taxation and employment. To get started, register as a \"sole trader\" with the tax office, HMRC. It is advisable to check any age-related restrictions or issues by contacting them. Additionally, you may need to submit tax returns that contain details of your earnings/expenses. If necessary, consider hiring an accountant to assist you."}
{"178": "\n\nConsider purchasing a used car instead of leasing. Audi cars are known for their quality and popularity, and a 2007 Audi A4 costs around $7,000. Investing in a high-quality old car can save you money compared to the costs of leasing a newer car or buying a fad car or overpriced SUV. Full-sized sedans are also generally considered safer. Additionally, selling any overseas property now in a strong real estate market is a good financial decision. To plan for the future, consider your investment timeline, factoring in any plans for medical school or other future expenses. Remember, every investment involves both buying and selling, so focus on finding revenue-generating assets that align with your area of expertise. For example, software businesses can benefit from investing in revenue-generating assets like ANSYS licenses, which can be brokered or resold for a profit. Ensure that any investment you make is a revenue-generating asset that will help build your financial portfolio."}
{"179": "\n\nReal estate can yield profits in two ways: through its increasing value or its ongoing returns, much like a stock's appreciation and dividends. However, acquiring either can be mistaken, with studies showing that many investors underperform the market. Given that real estate is not a homogenous asset class, investments vary across regions. For example, a $200K house that rents for $1,000 is a different investment from a $100K three-family that rents for $2,000 total rents. Looking at the ratio between price and rent, which can be affected by interest rates, can assist in determining whether prices are too high, a bargain, or somewhere in between. For the most part, median home prices tend to track median income long term. While real estate can be a smart investment if done correctly, purchasing a property to rent and purchasing a primary residence are different economic decisions. Often, homebuyers buy larger houses than necessary, thus turning their apparent profit into a loss. For example, a buyer who should purchase a $150K house instead of renting may opt for the $225K house due to pressure from real estate agents or lenders, causing a 1/3 increase in expenses. It is comparable to renting a 1,000 square-foot apartment but opting for one that is 1,500 square feet solely for the view."}
{"180": "\n\nRevised: There is no magic formula for getting out of debt, but the process is simple: earn more, reduce expenses, and pay off loans. Based on what you've shared, it seems like you could use some assistance with increasing your income. While your career focus is admirable, have you considered starting a low-cost side business, such as tutoring, consulting, or babysitting? Another option is working a part-time job outside of your field, such as waiting tables or working at a gas station. \n\nCreating a written budget each month is highly recommended. It will help you plan how to allocate your money and prioritize paying off your loans. Following the debt snowball method (paying off the smallest or highest interest loan first) can help you gain momentum and motivation. It would be wise to keep good records and set goals in order to stay on track. \n\nUsing the cash envelope system can also be effective. If you and your spouse use this method, you may find that you have extra money to put toward your debt. If you contribute to a 401(k), consider reducing your contribution to just the matching amount or even zero in order to prioritize paying off your loans. Remember that paying off loans takes time and effort, but with persistence and commitment, it is achievable. It's important not to neglect any of your loans, regardless of their interest rates."}
{"181": "\n\nTo start, it is important to determine the asset class mixture of both your current and new portfolios. If the mixture is the same and you are only changing the funds used to invest in those classes, then you can make the change all at once. This wouldn't pose any market risk, and you can confidently switch to funds that follow your desired asset classes. \n\nHowever, if you're also adjusting your asset class mixture, the size of the change will dictate your approach. Ideally, it's best to make the whole change at once, but if you're worried about potential fluctuations, you can gradually rebalance towards your final position by taking intermediary steps. In this case, you would begin by changing all of the funds, but perhaps in a mix closer to your current asset mixture. Over the next few months, you could adjust the ratios to reach your desired asset mix."}
{"182": "\n\nRevised: Beware of anyone who claims that they can consistently beat the market and requests payment for their advice. Such claims are unfounded because the market adjusts itself, and there is no secret knowledge available to them that analysts and institutional investors do not already possess. Rather, these individuals make their money through subscription fees, not through gains on their suggestions. This means they do not need to rely on their own ability to earn money, but instead on your trust in them. While their advertisements must contain truthful information, there are often disclaimers that absolve them of responsibility and liability, and they make no guarantees. Be sure to read the fine print before accepting their advice."}
{"183": "\n\nIn Australia, two types of warrants exist, namely trading warrants and installment warrants. It is uncertain if the same applies to the US, UK, and other parts of the world. Trading warrants are commonly used in trade and are similar to options with calls and puts. Financial companies issue them, unlike exchange-traded options that other investors usually write. Conversely, investors hold installment warrants for an extended period with no calls or puts. Financial companies also issue installment warrants. For instance, an underlying stock may have installment warrants costing $27 per warrant while purchasing it directly costs $50 per share. The interest component inherent in the warrant covers the borrowing costs until expiry when the buyer pays the strike price ($28) and receives the underlying shares. Full dividends still apply to installment warrants at a higher cost than shares. Unlike options and trading warrants, installment warrants have an additional advantage of full dividends."}
{"184": "\n\nOne potential option to charge for accepting checks is to offer a small discount for early payment of invoices. To cover any inconvenience caused by accepting checks, consider adding a small amount to your fees from the outset. To incentivize clients to pay sooner, consider offering a 1.5% discount for invoices paid within 10 days. This approach is good for public relations and does not cost you anything. Adding a \"convenience fee\" for accepting checks can be perceived negatively, as if you are penalizing the client. It is important to exercise caution when adding fees for accepting credit cards as there may be state or local laws that regulate them. Check out the article \"Adding fees for accepting credit cards\" from CreditCards.com Site for more information. Good luck!"}
{"185": "\n\nEach bank has its own unique policies, so in order for me to provide accurate information on settlement times, I'll need a more specific question. For instance, I can tell you that Paypal and Chase typically settle at 7pm EST on business days, whereas Bank of America usually settles at 5pm."}
{"186": "\n\nAnnuities, much like life insurance, are typically not sought out by the customer. Historically, non-spouse beneficiaries of an IRA had only two options: (a) withdraw all funds within five years or (b) receive equal installments over their expected lifetime. If the second option was selected, a fixed-term annuity was issued by the IRA custodian in exchange for the IRA assets. In the event that the IRA contained shares of stock, the custodian was then responsible for paying a set amount annually to the beneficiary for a predetermined period of time, usually around 23 years. This meant that the beneficiary no longer had control over their investments, could not transfer funds to a different broker or sell the investments and invest elsewhere. Additionally, the custodian had no obligation to do anything, other than pay out the predetermined annual amount. Under the previous IRA rules, financial planners had a strong incentive to encourage the beneficiary to withdraw all the funds and invest in stocks or mutual funds through their firm. The company would often guarantee a larger annual amount than the custodian, pay out more in any year the investments did well, and continue payment until the beneficiary or their spouse passed away. Furthermore, in the event of premature death, the company would return the entire investment amount (minus any payouts already made). This seemed like the ideal solution for beneficiaries; however, the planner's commission and the high surrender charges on the mutual funds were not usually disclosed."}
{"187": "\n\nThere are some incorrect answers provided. Cashiering the cheque would equate to committing bank fraud. Typically, such cheques turn out to be counterfeit and lead to the payee cashing it from your account, which is the way cheques function. When you cash a cheque, you ultimately hold the responsibility to ensure its authenticity. That's why significant cheques are matched against your current account balance. Essentially, they are deducting money from you and leaving you implicated."}
{"188": "If it were up to me, I would suggest organizing your documents in the following manner. Firstly, arrange everything by year, with major categories such as Mortgage, Utilities, Credit, Major Purchases, Home Improvement and Other listed underneath. With regard to the \"Other\" category, as it is likely to contain smaller items, it would be advisable to break it down into monthly segments to make it easier to sort through. However, this would not be necessary for the other categories as the items listed within them would be limited. It would be helpful to name each receipt clearly and scan them regularly, so that you can easily sort them by date or by name within any of the larger categories. Consider using a cloud service like DOXO to store your documents for added security and accessibility.\n\nFor retention purposes, I suggest keeping anything related to your mortgage, home maintenance, and improvements, including receipts, as these contribute to the cost basis of the house when it is sold. Small receipts and utility bills can generally be discarded after 7 years as they are unlikely to be needed. Lastly, it is important to ensure regular backups offsite, either through cloud storage or a backup service, to safeguard against loss due to unforeseen circumstances such as a house fire or theft."}
{"189": "\n\nI don't believe so. Upon reviewing the list of features on the page you shared, I noticed that it only tracks stocks in major U.S. markets. Unfortunately, there is no mention of the NSE in India."}
{"190": "\n\nWhen examining similar or identical ETFs, it is crucial to consider two key factors: the typical spread and the trading volume and size of the ETF. Thinly traded ETFs may have large spreads between buy and sell, often ranging from 1.5-2% or higher. This can be a significant inconvenience if frequent transactions are made, far outweighing any differences in ongoing charges. Poor spreads are typically related to a lack of liquidity, and illiquid assets are more likely to disconnect from underlying assets in situations where authorized participants face trouble. However, with stock ETFs that trade in very liquid markets, this has traditionally been less of an issue. For average retail investors, the impact on the typical spread is much more important than point #3, which would create an arbitrage that authorized participants would quickly seize on. To better understand how this works, it's beneficial to read up on the creation and redemption mechanism, which is critical to how ETFs operate."}
{"191": "\n\nRefining your inquiry, I believe there is a more effective approach, but it requires modifying how you manage your expenses, which may not be of interest to you. Currently, you manually monitor your expenditures and enter them into a system every day. However, if you shift to exclusively using a debit or credit card to pay for everything, you can bypass this manual entry process by importing your transactions from your bank. I understand your bank does not support exporting, but it may be possible for them to integrate with a tool like Wave Accounting (http://www.waveaccouting.com), which is specifically designed for small business accounting and free to use. (Full disclosure: I work for Wave.)\n\nIf your bank still cannot support exports or Wave's connections, it may be worthwhile to consider switching to a different bank. Even though changing banks may be inconvenient, you will save a significant amount of time and resources over the year and reduce the likelihood of human error compared to entering receipts manually. In Wave, you can still input all of your cash receipts manually if you want to stick with your current approach of cash payments.\n\nOne crucial aspect to keep in mind when looking for a better solution is ensuring that your data is adequately backed up, as losing it all in the event of a computer malfunction would be a nightmare. Wave Accounting backs up your data every hour and utilizes bank-level security measures to safeguard your information.\n\nLastly, it bears repeating that Wave Accounting is available for free. If it meets your small business accounting needs, it will also fit seamlessly into your budget."}
{"192": "\n\nIn most instances, yes. For instance, if an employer provides employees with a credit card for non-business purposes, the amount spent using the card would be considered income. Typically, if you receive something of substantial value without any conditions attached, it is most likely subject to taxation. Given Google's access to a large team of tax lawyers, they may have found ways to legally navigate around tax loopholes."}
{"193": "\n\nA Credit Default Swap (CDS) is a derivative contract wherein its value is dependent on another asset. Simply put, a CDS is a swap that occurs when a default transpires. Generally, a holder of non-risk free credit will enter into an agreement with a counterparty to exchange a portion of the income received from the non-risk free credit for the ability to force the counterparty to deliver risk-free credit in cases of default. Banks make use of this mechanism to mitigate loan risks while compiling them for resale to investors. Banks will usually purchase CDSes on mortgages and corporate bonds, paying a fraction of the interest payments received for the right to force counterparties (typical hedge funds and insurance companies) to swap national Treasuries in the event of mortgage or corporate defaults. Although banks receive less income, they are able to increase their inventory to sell to investors, allowing more loans to be offered to borrowers, households, and corporations. Hedge funds usually adopt more complex arrangements, while insurance companies sell CDSes as they are usually awash with risk-free assets, but are lacking in income."}
{"194": "\n\nTaxes shouldn't worry you much, while licenses are a priority for your friends. However, by including carefully worded disclaimers and exemptions, as well as considering the way money is given, this issue could potentially be avoided altogether."}
{"195": "\n\nAs previously suggested, many vehicles are being marked down for clearance, while others are sold to large motor stores. You may even be able to locate a previous year model with minimal delivery mileage at a significantly reduced rate. Since most people prefer the latest edition from the dealership, this presents an opportunity to obtain a great deal. By implementing this strategy, dealerships can clear out old stock rapidly and concentrate on promoting the newest models."}
{"196": "\n\nA bull strategy is when an investor bets on a rising market. On the other hand, puts are a type of stock option that allows the seller to promise the buyer 100 shares of stock at a pre-agreed price, known as the strike price, on any day before the expiration day. The buyer of the put option has the option to sell, but is not obligated to do so. In contrast, the seller of the put option is required to fulfill their promise to the buyer. If necessary, the broker can require the seller of the put option to have margin to ensure they can fulfill their promise. \n\nThe buyer of the put option can profit if the stock price decreases significantly. Additionally, the buyer of the put option can sell the option to someone else without owning the stock. If the buyer of the put option also owns the stock, it can function similarly to an insurance policy on the value of the stock. On the other hand, the seller of the put option earns a profit if the stock price remains the same or increases. This means that the seller benefits if they sell put options that no one uses by the expiration day. \n\nA spread refers to an investment that involves buying one option and selling another. For example, a bull put spread investor may sell the 600 JAN put and buy the 550 put for Apple Inc. (AAPL). If the price of AAPL rises beyond 600, the investor would profit from the difference between the prices of the puts. However, in the worst case scenario, if AAPL falls below 550, the bull put spread investor owes $5000 in JAN but received $2035 for taking this risk. In this particular example, the outcome was the worst case scenario, resulting in a loss of $2965. In the best case scenario, if AAPL stays above 600 on expiration day in JAN, the net profit would be $2035. The break even point for this investment would be if AAPL drops to 579.65, at which point the value of the 600 JAN AAPL put sold would equal the $2035 collected, resulting in a break even outcome. Commission fees were not considered in this example."}
{"197": "\n\nAlternating gains and losses of equal size in consecutive years would result in an unfair positive tax. Conversely, taking advantage of the long-term rate (15%) for gains in even years while claiming losses in odd years up to $3000 or offsetting them against short-term gains at the ordinary rate is a manipulation of the system. What is the purpose of the wash sale rule? We can explain the workings of tax code effectively, and suggest the implications thereof, but understanding the history behind specific rules may be challenging. The primary intention of the wash sale rule is to prevent individuals from claiming a loss without selling the stock for a certain duration, and the 30-day window is arbitrary. If you plan to frequent this board, please keep in mind these two points."}
{"198": "\n\nNo, even businesses are required to pay taxes quarterly. Therefore, if you establish Nathan, LLC, or become self-employed, you will still need to file quarterly tax estimates and make payments. This means that taxes will become a much more significant aspect of your life. However, it is essential to ensure that you claim the appropriate exemptions to avoid excessive withholding."}
{"199": "\n\nThe fraudster appears to be engaging in suspicious behavior. It is highly likely that this individual will deposit funds into your father's account in an attempt to establish trust. Subsequently, the scammer will suggest meeting your dad, which is when the deception will commence. They will concoct a tale regarding flight, VISA complications, or issues which require immediate resolution before being able to visit. Alternatively, they may use your father's empty account to receive funds stolen from other individuals. Such a plan is designed to conceal any connection with the perpetrator and their other targets."}
{"200": "\n\n\nIt is quite easy to replicate the outcome produced by the calculator soup link. A formula for calculating n from the future value s (using natural logs) was developed in Excel as illustrated. However, finding n from the inflation-adjusted future value si necessitates the use of a solver, since an algebraic formula cannot be created. This was exemplified in the calculations carried out using Mathematica 7."}
{"201": "\n\nI strongly believe that adopting the approach of tracking the activities of professional fund managers could be a beneficial strategy. The investments made by your preferred fund managers can serve as positive indications. However, please refrain from investing in any stock without proper research just because someone else invested in it. Before purchasing any security, it is imperative to conduct your own thorough examination. Understanding the reasons and extent of the investment is more important than just what was purchased. Additionally, I would like to add that it is prudent to consider the overall market trends and economic conditions before making any investment decisions."}
{"202": "\n\nRevised: You mentioned combining the sales from both houses to use as a down payment for the new house, but you also mentioned that your in-laws will be paying you rent. This raises some questions about the ownership of the new house. Was the money you and your wife contributed a gift? Assuming it's not, and that the in-law suite makes up 25% of the total value of the house, then you have a rental property. In this case, you would be responsible for 25% of the expenses, including property tax, mortgage interest, and utilities (unless their portion has separate meters). If you provide more details, I can revise my response. Finally, it's important to clarify whose parents they are (i.e. your wife's or your own) as it affects the legal relationship and terminology used."}
{"203": "\n\nIf the call option expires without value, and you are left with the underlying stock, you may choose to exercise your put option if the stock falls below the strike price of the put."}
{"204": "\n\nNowadays, the bank where you deposit your checks usually uses ACH (Automated Clearing House) to process them, rather than physically sending them to your own bank. If you were to prohibit this, your bank would be unable to honor any checks you have written, unless they were to enforce paper check delivery by mail - however, the Check21 bill no longer permits such enforcement. By not allowing ACH, your bank would effectively be unable to conduct business with anyone. Thus, it can be concluded that no bank of this sort exists."}
{"205": "\n\nAn IPO, or Initial Public Offering, is when a company offers its stocks to the public for the first time. Valuations for an IPO are based on factors such as the business model, intellectual property, products, market shares, revenues, profits, assets, and future projections. This is common practice for companies that go public. The first investor, often the founder, invests capital to start the company, even if it's from their own bank account. The difference between a \"normal\" investor and an \"angel investor\" lies in their approach to investing. Angels are private investors who invest their own money in start-ups at very early stages. They invest at stages where entrepreneurs typically struggle to raise capital because there's no real business or products, just an idea or patent. These investors gamble with small amounts of money relative to their wealth - tens of thousands of dollars or sometimes a hundred or two thousand. Success in this type of investing can reap high rewards. Angel investors are like any other investors, and depending on their stake in a company, they can influence its decisions."}
{"206": "\n\nFrom my reading, it is clear that binary options trading is a legitimate form of investing. Many websites, including investopedia.com and verifyproducts.com, offer tutorials explaining that in binary options trading, traders must take a yes or no position on the price of an underlying asset, with the payoff being either all or nothing. This simplicity has made binary options trading an accessible entry point for beginners in the financial trading market."}
{"207": "\n\nYou can often save money on medical bills by waiting for subsequent billing statements, as providers may reduce or adjust the amount due over time. While initially skeptical of this advice, I eventually decided to try it for myself and was surprised to find that the bill was reduced without any action on my part. This has consistently worked for me with various providers, resulting in lowered bills typically less than half of the original amount. While I cannot definitively say the reason for the reduction, it could be due to insurance payments, added credits or disappearing line items. Regardless, this method has significantly reduced my medical bills and had no impact on my credit. While calling to negotiate the price may yield better results, waiting for subsequent billing statements requires no extra effort and has proven effective for me."}
{"208": "\n\nAs a dealer who specializes in subprime sales, it is important to note that financing typically incurs higher costs than purchasing with cash. This is because every financed deal involves a lender who takes a percentage of the total value as a \"discount.\" Consequently, dealers may be hesitant to provide a price before knowing whether a customer intends to pay in cash or finance. If a customer opts for a cash deal, the finance company will take a significant portion of the profit that would have been made on the sale. Ultimately, the dealer will be left with a lower profit margin or no deal at all. For example, if a car is worth $5000, and a customer wants to purchase it for $6000 with financing, the finance lender may charge a \"buy-fee\" of $1200, leaving the dealer with only $4800 in profit. Thus, it is important to consider the cost of financing when making a purchasing decision."}
{"209": "\n\nThe dollar limits for the Child Care Expense Deduction (line 214) will increase by $1000 each, resulting in new amounts of $8000 for children under 7 and $5000 for children aged 7-16. This deduction will reduce your tax liability at your marginal income tax rate, unlike tax credits which are based on the lowest tax rate. Despite this increase, you will still need to provide receipts from your child care provider to support your claim.\n\nFrom tax year 2015, the non-refundable child tax credit (line 367) for children under the age of 18, that was introduced in 2007, is being eliminated alongside the UCCB enhancement. This credit, which could previously reduce tax liability by about $340, will no longer be available.\n\nHowever, from tax year 2014, the Family Tax Cut will be introduced, and it will be in effect when you file your 2014 income tax return in early 2015. If a couple has at least one child under the age of 18, the Family Tax Cut allows the transfer of up to $50,000 of taxable income from the higher income spouse's tax return to the lower income spouse's tax return. Although the potential transfer of $50,000 of taxable income to lower tax brackets may seem significant, the maximum tax relief is capped at $2000."}
{"210": "\n\nThe NASDAQ OMX Group is the owner of the NASDAQ stock exchange, which is listed on the NASDAQ as NDAQ. As a corporation, it generates revenue through a variety of means including charging fees for market data services available through the NASDAQ \"Datastore\". Additional information about the fees charged by both the NYSE and NASDAQ can be found in the Investopedia article titled \"The NYSE And Nasdaq: How They Work\"."}
{"211": "\n\nTo calculate your average weekly income and hours worked for the year, simply divide your annual income by 52 weeks. For example, if you make $100,000 per year, that averages out to approximately $2,000 per week. From this amount, you can allocate 15% to savings, which is equal to $300 per week. It's important to note that this doesn't have to be exact every week, as long as you're consistently saving your target 15% over time. If you receive a pay increase, you can adjust your savings plan accordingly. For instance, if you receive a 5% raise, you would increase your weekly savings amount from $300 to $315."}
{"212": "\n\nThe market maker always compares the highest bid and lowest ask, with a trade occurring if the highest bid is at least equal to the lowest ask. However, adding shares at a higher asking price will not have any effect, as no one will buy them. On the other hand, placing a higher bid for shares will trigger a sale. For instance, bidding $210 for shares offered at $200 will result in purchasing those shares for $210. If bidding for one million shares, the same process applies until all shares with an ask up to $210 are bought or a million shares are purchased. When dealing with AAPL, bidding a higher price typically drives the share price upwards, resulting in making people happy but losing money. In case of a smaller company, if you drive the share price up to $210, but there are no other bidders above $200, no one else will buy your shares. It is important to note that this would be market manipulation and is illegal in several countries. Even if you lose out in the process, you may still face criminal charges."}
{"213": "I need to use the business card for personal expenses, which may seem unusual. To address your confusion, have you considered having the company pay me $1600 monthly and using that for my personal expenses? I cannot think of a legitimate reason not to do this. However, if using the business card is the only option, then when I accidentally use it for personal expenses I code the expense as a payment to myself as if a check had been written to me. If this is not an option, I can pay the company back the $1600 every month. It's important to note that regularly using the business card for personal expenses can potentially pierce the corporate veil and jeopardize the company's financial protections. Even if I'm not an owner, it could be considered \"using business money for personal expenses\" which is not recommended. In terms of showing more expenses and lessening profits, it's essential to follow proper tax laws and not engage in any illegal activities. Instead, having the company pay me and deducting the payment from the company's profits is a legal and appropriate solution."}
{"214": "\n\nConsider placing your money where it receives the best treatment. Lowering your APR could be beneficial. It can assist in securing a mortgage by reducing your payment, ultimately decreasing your debt-to-income ratio."}
{"215": "\n\nRevised: Owning US property or establishing a business entity does not require a visa. Most of the legal protocol can be taken care of by your registered agent, who can also provide their address for your new entity, as needed. Consider having a separate address for added privacy, such as your UK office, a PO box, or one provided by your registered agent. However, note that compliance issues are more complex for US corporations, particularly in Delaware, where formation and annual report costs are relatively high compared to other states. That being said, Delaware is a popular choice, as it has more information and resources available for corporations. Keep in mind that there are several other states to consider as well."}
{"216": "\n\nThe daily return is based on the closing price of the day, which can vary greatly from the opening price. While in your example they are similar, this is not always the case and can be observed by analyzing a larger data sample. Additionally, it is important to note that dividends are not included in the index, so if you want to determine the true total return, you must take this into account. For instance, in 2011, the S&P initially closed at 1257.60 compared to its year-end of 1257.64 in 2010. However, the actual return was 2.11%, not zero, once dividends were considered. Therefore, articles that suggest a yearly return of zero are both misleading and inaccurate."}
{"217": "\n\nPrice targets are not set on a daily basis due to the high market fluctuations. However, brokerage firms usually establish price targets for \"one year out\" in their stock recommendations. It is important to note that these targets are not fixed, and using them comes with a certain level of risk."}
{"218": "\n\nThere are several types of mutual funds that experienced minimal losses during the 2008 downturn. Money Market Funds retain capital at all times, and VMMXX made a 2.77% gain in 2008 before encountering a scandal of losing 3% worth. On the other hand, inverse funds (RYARX) increased in value when the market went down, but they are not ideal for investors with a low-risk tolerance, nor for long-term holdings. If you are concerned with your retirement funds as a 24-year-old, understand that your time horizon is at least 30 years. Throughout history, stocks have never had negative real (inflation-adjusted) returns for such a long time period, and though individual years have its risks, the average return for the entire period becomes tighter. T-bills briefly surpassed stock returns in 2011, but the past performance highlights the minimal risk of holding a diverse stock-market portfolio for 30 years, constituting a notable majority of your investments. In fact, Vanguard's Target Retirement 2055 fund distributes 90% in stocks (U.S. and international) and 10% in bonds."}
{"219": "\n\nThe formula you need is: When starting with an annual interest rate of 3%, your monthly interest rate will be around 0.247%. Yet, it's worth noting that 0.25% is a reliable approximation (especially for smaller rates)."}
{"220": "\n\nThe revised version would be: A down payment cannot be funded via a loan, hence it needs to be treated as a \"gift\". Consequently, the return payment is also considered a \"gift\" to you. Although I perceive certain issues, they differ from yours. Additionally, I have a query - is the current market really active? It has been relatively dull for the past few years."}
{"221": "\n\nTo retrieve your ISIN code, visit http://www.isincodes.net/ and provide your data. As an illustration, entering \"Alphabet\" generates the ISIN US02079K1079 for standard US shares. If you wish to comprehend the number structure or develop them on your own, refer to the Wikipedia page on International Securities Identification Number: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Securities_Identification_Number."}
{"222": "\n\nThe Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) shares relevant data, including Treasury & Agency statistics, on their website. The volume spreadsheet consists of annual and monthly data for varying maturities. However, this data is only available since January 2001 for most cases. SIFMA also provides monthly data for treasury issuances, such as bills, notes, bonds, etc. dating back to January 1980. The Daily Treasury Statements are the primary source for this information, and you can also aggregate the data yourself. Although the Treasury does not provide historical data directly, there is an available parser that I have stashed away somewhere at home. I will share it if I manage to locate it."}
{"223": "\n\nThere is no foolproof protection against chargebacks. However, some payment methods are more susceptible than others, and legal action is always an option. Cash payment and wire transfers are the most difficult to dispute. But, it is vital to consider customer convenience and avoid unnecessary complications that could drive potential buyers to shop elsewhere. For instance, if I can purchase diamonds with my credit card at a local mall, why would I choose your alternative payment options? Furthermore, most items you are selling are probably available from other vendors as well."}
{"224": "\n\nRevised: Comparing a broker's advertisement of their \"huge access\" to dark pools to a car dealer advertising their ability to sell Chevrolets is inaccurate. Most brokers utilize dark pools, either their own or belonging to a larger financial institution, as it is a primary source of their income. They can internalize orders in their own dark pool or send them to a larger institution's pool and receive a fraction of the profit in return. While Mom and Pop may benefit from some order types and receive a free penny from the trade, the absence of dark pools would have resulted in their counterparty receiving half of the $1.00 difference in their trade prices, reducing their profit. Thus, brokers' advertisements of their dark pool access is irrelevant as it barely benefits the customers while making a higher profit for the broker. A less liquid product can intensify this situation, with Mom and Pop still receiving a penny each while the broker earns $4.98 on a 100 share trade."}
{"225": "\n\nYes, once the settlement is reached, you are free to sell the stock without any risk of freeriding or violating day trading regulations."}
{"226": "\n\n\"Why would I, as a shareholder, approve an increase in the number of authorized shares?\" This decision can potentially increase the value of your existing shares. Companies issue new shares to raise capital, which they may utilize to expand their operations or achieve other objectives. If Whole Foods, for example, issues new shares and uses the capital to open new stores, the profit may increase enough to offset the dilution effect and drive up the stock price. As a shareholder, you should consider where your company plans to expand and how likely that expansion is to succeed. Additionally, you may want to evaluate other ways in which the company could raise capital, such as taking on debt, using existing cash reserves, or cutting expenses elsewhere. Assuming you believe that the management has a solid expansion plan in place, authorizing new shares may be a wise choice for your personal investment."}
{"227": "\n\nYes, losses can be passed through to members in an LLC, but there are limits and percentages based on each member's share in the business. For more information, check out the final post in this thread: http://community2.business.gov/t5/Other-Business-Issues/Paying-oneself-in-a-LLC/td-p/16060. It provides a helpful summary of profit/loss pass-through. Please note that your earnings from your day job can affect how much loss you can claim. While there is no recent information from the IRS or business.gov, as of 2004, the limit before loss claims were mitigated was 40K. For more on this subject, see http://en.allexperts.com/q/Tax-Law-Questions-932/tax-loss-pass.htm. Hope this helps!"}
{"228": "\n\nWhat does a negative Total Equity signify in McDonald's balance sheet? It indicates that the company's liabilities surpass its total assets. While this could suggest that a company has incurred losses over time, it is not the only explanation. Despite McDonald's being a profitable company, it doesn't necessarily translate to a healthy financial state. Perhaps, the company has taken out significant loans to finance operations, leading to a debt load too heavy to bear. In McDonald's case, its equity change is primarily due to the stock buyback of over $20 billion in recent years, which reduces assets and equity. Had the company opted to pay off its debts instead, its equity wouldn't be negative. Nonetheless, the interest rate on the debt might be low enough to make buying back stock a better financial decision. However, assessing such a scenario would require taking many variables into account, which aren't feasible in this forum."}
{"229": "When making any transaction in life, whether financial or otherwise, it is important to prioritize your personal needs and comfort. If a cheaper option does not make you feel comfortable, do not hesitate to pay more for an experience that aligns with your expectations. Saving money in the short-term may ultimately result in greater costs in the form of headaches and annoyances. If something or someone makes you uncomfortable, it is best to walk away and avoid any confrontations. The worth of money lies in its ability to connect the needs of one party with the solution provided by another. Therefore, a positive customer service experience should be the objective for any business. Outdated sales tactics such as aggression are not effective in building lasting relationships with customers. It is important to consider whether the salesperson's behavior is indicative of their overall competence in their business, or if it is just a communication issue. In the case of musical instruments, it may be useful to separate the buying experience from the maintenance and repair experience. Ultimately, trust your intuition and seek out options that prioritize your needs and make you feel valued as a customer."}
{"230": "\n\nYour retirement funds are in an IRA, and early withdrawals before you turn 59.5 years old will be penalized. Since you are likely decades away from that age, I recommend choosing a \"target year fund\" that corresponds to the year you turn 59.5. This investment strategy involves gradually shifting your portfolio from a higher concentration of stocks to more bonds as you approach retirement age. The stock market is more volatile, but its average gains can help protect your funds against inflation, while bonds offer stability and protection against potential market dips. By taking market risks earlier in life, you can benefit from potential gains, and transition to stability when you retire and depend on the savings."}
{"231": "\n\nWhether you're 13 or 30, the main difference is that as a minor, your parents claim you as a dependent on their tax return, which means you don't receive your own exemption. However, you are eligible for a standard deduction of $6300 for earned income. It's important to note that you will incur federal, state, and Social Security taxes, but this is nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, paying taxes means you have likely earned a substantial income! Even if you end up owing a significant amount in taxes, it simply means you made a sizable fortune and still have a significant amount left over. If your income is low, you may not have to pay much in taxes, so there's no need to give away or sell items to cover your bill."}
{"232": "The economist and Nobel laureate, Paul Krugman, wrote about the impact of money supply on economic expansion using a baby-sitting co-op as an analogy. While the example may be simplistic, it effectively demonstrates how printing and restricting money can affect an economy. Krugman's analysis highlights the importance of establishing a fair system for distributing tokens or markers in a co-op to ensure that all members contribute equally. However, the number of tokens must be carefully balanced to avoid hoarding or shortage. If there are too few tokens, parents may be unwilling to go out and leave their children because they need to save tokens for their own future use. Conversely, if there are too many tokens, babysitting opportunities become scarce, which may discourage parents from participating in the co-op altogether. Krugman's analysis emphasizes the delicate balance needed to maintain a healthy economy."}
{"233": "\n\nMy assumption is that there is a legal agreement between Yahoo and the data provider, outlining which data may be stored, displayed, and for how long. Please refer to this list of data providers."}
{"234": "\n\nPlease note that not all currencies are \"tradeable\" or convertible. For example, both the Brazilian and Thai currencies have restrictions on their convertibility, which may limit trading. Currently, there are 17 fully convertible currencies in the world, and you can find the list here."}
{"235": "\n\nHere's what your car loan would look like if you paid it off in 14 months at the current rate of 2.94%: You'll pay roughly $277 in interest. However, if you transfer the $10,000 balance at a rate of 3%, you'll pay a one-time fee of $300 and your payment on the remaining $5,000 will be $363.74 to pay it off within 14 months. Your total monthly payment will be $1,099.45 \u2013 $5,000 amortized at 2.94% for 14 months plus $10,300 divided by 14, which equals $363.74 + $735.71. Your interest will be about $392, which comes from the $300 balance transfer and the remaining $5,000 on the car loan at 2.94%. Even if your lender doesn't credit your additional payment to the principal, and instead credits it to future payments, you'll still be done in 15 months and the total interest expense will be around $447. Thus, this additional administration and loan will save you approximately $55 over 14 or 15 months."}
{"236": "\n\nMany investors make their decisions based on their finances. I have a high expectation that trading platforms have no errors or issues. If an individual intentionally caused the failure of trades, they would lose their reputation and their business would suffer. Being unresponsive when a button is clicked is an unacceptable excuse. It's possible to monitor outgoing server traffic to verify whether or not the platform is responding. If a system crashes and is not backed up, it is the platform's responsibility and possible legal repercussions. In the scenario you suggest, it would be impossible for a trading platform to maintain its reputation if it were dishonest."}
{"237": "\n\nI don't believe your income from royalties and app sales qualifies as ECI income. This is confirmed by the fact that Apple and Google requested a W8-BEN form from you and not a W8-ECI form. FDAP income (fixed or determinable annual or periodical income) typically includes income from sources such as interest, rent, and dividends, while ECI income covers all other forms of income. For a list of all types of FDAP income, see the IRS link below. Additionally, page 3 of the W8-ECI form outlines which types of income qualify as effectively connected income."}
{"238": "\n\nRevised: A depreciating AUD is beneficial to exporters, which in turn benefits the economy. This can lead to an increase in employment and disposable income, encouraging increased consumer spending, including on housing. However, one should consider that an improving economy and rising property market may trigger an increase in interest rates, which can have a dampening effect on the housing market. As a potential property buyer, it is important to assess your borrowing limits and include a buffer of 2% to 3% above current interest rates. Additionally, be cautious of the doomsayers predicting a property crash, as these predictions have been made before but not proven accurate. It is possible to negotiate a better deal when interest rates are high, and then benefit from lower repayments and increased property prices when interest rates decrease. In Australia, a significant property crash is unlikely as long as economic conditions remain stable and housing supply is limited. As for your personal plan to buy a property with a monthly mortgage repayment of $2500, taking on a fixed rate for five years and intending to sell in two years, it is important to carefully weigh the costs against potential gains. A better strategy may be to consider a 10-20 year time horizon and aim for long-term capital appreciation, as well as ensuring that monthly mortgage repayments are affordable even with potential interest rate hikes."}
{"239": "\n\nI have already provided feedback on the best existing answers, but I would like to add a few more points. In the past, some of my friends have expressed their desire to do the following:"}
{"240": "\n\nMulti-level marketing, also known as network marketing, is a business model utilized by companies such as Avon, Southern Living, and Mary Kay, among others, that may not require formal instruction. However, it is also commonly used in pyramid schemes, even by the aforementioned companies. A detailed explanation can be found at http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/network-marketing. To participate in network marketing successfully, consider reputable companies, as they provide comprehensive training. Your income is based on your performance while your manager earns a commission on your success. Recruiting other individuals to sell products leads to a commission for you and your manager, which has led to the pyramid label. When selecting a company, ensure they charge low fees, offer a flexible schedule, and do not have strict quotas. Be skeptical of unrealistic promises, as they are often scams."}
{"241": "\n\nAlthough I'm not a financial advisor, I have personal experience with student loans and have made the decision to pay them off slowly. I will explain my reasons for this decision. It's important to note that my reasoning applies specifically to government student loans in the US, and may not be applicable to private student loans or those from other countries. \n\nMy rationale is that while $55 per month for the rest of my life may add up to a significant amount of money, the impact on my monthly budget is negligible. Additionally, the low interest rates and absence of aggressive sales tactics make it hard for me to find any motivation to pay them off quickly. As someone who isn't particularly skilled with financial matters, I simply don't see the need to pay off my student loans faster than is required. \n\nTo sum up, I'm just an individual who is dealing with student loans and has made a conscious decision to pay them off gradually."}
{"242": "\n\nThe DRiP Investing Resource Center has proven to be a valuable source of information on DRIP investing. Moneypaper.com provides a helpful list of companies that offer both direct purchase options and dividend reinvestment plans. In cases where a company only offers a dividend reinvestment plan, there is the option of using a service to purchase the initial shares required to enroll in the DRIP program. It is worth noting that managing tax paperwork for DRIPs can be challenging due to the acquisition of partial shares over time. However, by keeping track of your cost basis with a spreadsheet and employing a FIFO (first in first out) approach, this process can be made easier."}
{"243": "\n\nI'm not familiar with Transferwise and how they operate, but when I needed to transfer money internationally, I used a foreign currency transfer company that required the details of the destination account, such as a GBP account in the UK in your case, as well as money from the source account. This would mean that your father would need to open an EUR account, potentially in an EU country (if available), though a UK account may also be suitable based on any associated transfer fees. It's worth exploring other business accounts besides HSBC, such as Santander, which I have used before. Only one foreign exchange transaction takes place with this setup, which is performed by the specialized company (there are several of these), and their spread (the difference between the interbank exchange rate and the rate you receive) will likely be around 1.0 - 1.5%. In addition, there are transfer fees associated with the FX company's account, usually a flat fee of $25 for the SWIFT payment. The remaining balance, less the spread, will then be transferred to your GBP account in the UK. There are still operating costs associated with both the EUR and GBP accounts, but with that said, it's essential to shop around for offers/free banking periods etc. Ultimately, despite the costs associated, this may be a better deal for you overall than having HSBC handle everything due to potential savings from FX conversion."}
{"244": "\n\nI have recommended the book \"Get a Financial Life: Personal Finance in Your Twenties and Thirties\" by Beth Kobliner several times on this site, and I would like to recommend it once again. Unlike other personal finance advice books and blogs that tend to focus excessively on investing or prioritize lifestyle over finances, this book offers comprehensive coverage of essential topics such as budgets, rainy-day funds, insurance, retirement, and non-retirement investments. I appreciate that the author presents the information concisely, making the book a no-nonsense and easy-to-read option. Even if you are not typically inclined to read books, you can finish this one over a weekend. The book is aimed mainly at young people who are starting their careers, and though it was written before the real estate boom, the advice remains quite relevant. However, it serves as a starting point instead of offering all-encompassing answers to all financial questions."}
{"245": "\n\nI am unsure if there is an Interac version available in the United States, but there are alternate ways to receive payment. One option is receiving payment via cheque, but the downside of this method is that it takes time for the cheque to be delivered and cleared. If you send your merchandise before the cheque clears and it bounces, you will lose your item. Another alternative is COD, where you can charge the customer for the item at the post office and have them pay upon delivery. The post office will pay you upon sending the package, but there is a fee for this service. Another option is money orders, but be sure to request an International Money Order as Domestic Money Orders can only be cashed at US post offices. Delivery time can be an issue with this option, as well as verifying that the customer sent an International Money Order. The most convenient option may be accepting credit card payments, as there are many providers available at a lower cost than banks. Companies such as PayPal, Square, and Intuit offer these services, with Square being the best option according to my research. It is important to do your own research on these companies and banks, as some may prohibit transaction for e-cigarette materials due to their tobacco classification."}
{"246": "\n\nThere are two types of engagement in an IPO. The first is the traditional kind, in which the banks take on the risk of unsold shares. This means that the banks may need to purchase shares that no one wants, resulting in a significant risk if no one buys the stock that the banks are holding. \n\nThe second type of engagement is a \"best efforts\" engagement, where the bank will make their best effort to sell the shares but will not be held responsible if some shares do not sell. This type of engagement is typically used for small-cap or risky companies. \n\nSource: Author/Investment Banker"}
{"247": "\n\nThis response is partly incomplete as I do not have definitive conclusions regarding some parts of your question. Your question has specific sub-questions which would be best answered by the investment companies you are considering. In addition, there is no specific statement regarding TIAA-CREF fees. So, it is advisable to contact them directly to inquire. While there is mention of no-transaction-fee funds on their site, no list of such funds was found. For Vanguard, they also offer non-Vanguard funds without transaction fees. To locate such funds, visit their mutual funds page, click on the drop-down menu, select other fund companies, and view the list of funds with \"NTF\" by their name. Other companies such as Scottrade also offer NTF funds which could be located using their screener and filters such as \"no load\" and \"no transaction fee\". You are correct to choose an option that provides a good selection of funds that can be bought without transaction fees. However, there are several options other than Vanguard and TIAA-CREF, as shown above. Most firms that have their funds, including TIAA-CREF and Vanguard, offer a range of funds for free, and many places also sell other companies' funds for free. It merely depends on the preference for funds. On searching for IRA providers, there will be a surplus of options available. Vanguard is a leader in low-cost index funds, and TIAA-CREF and Fidelity are other options available. However, realistically, it is not necessary to choose from a vast array of funds. The standard advice is to choose a broad allocation of funds in different asset classes, find a place that offers funds in those areas with low fees and forget about other funds."}
{"248": "\n\nPlease refer to the following link: http://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Treasury_Inflation_Protected_Security. You have the option to either buy individual bonds or purchase them as a mutual fund or ETF. These bonds are created to keep up with inflation. Investing in individual inflation-protected US government bonds is one of the safest investment options. However, investing in a mutual fund or ETF can potentially expose you to interest rate risk since their value may fluctuate based on the market. The fund's value could rise or decline due to fluctuations in interest rates."}
{"249": "\n\nA credit union operates in a similar manner to a bank, using deposits from checking, savings, money market accounts, Certificates of Deposit, or IRAs to provide loans for various purposes such as auto, boat, mortgage, school, second mortgage, and lines of credit. Government regulations mandate the percentage of each type of deposit that must be retained for non-loan transactions. Credit unions are owned by their members and have no external investors as their aim is not profit but to serve their shareholders. Generally, credit unions offer a more attractive package compared to banks due to the absence of pressure to generate profits. Fees are generally lower and intended to deter negative behavior rather than profit from it. Dividends and interest are treated the same way as bank interest and are reported to the IRS similarly. However, credit unions must abide by certain peculiar rules such as the maximum number of transactions allowed between accounts and strict membership requirements, which are designed to make it harder for individuals to become members of a credit union by banks."}
{"250": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhy do equity indices like the HSI seem to be in sync at times and not at others? The reason behind this is the fluctuation of financial products in response to trader supply and demand. One contributing factor to the synchronization of these products is the rise in the number of hedge funds and prop desks that trade diverse financial products, helping to correct any discrepancies that may have existed."}
{"251": "\n\nRevised: There is significant deductive potential as FINRA provides a daily \"REG-SHO\" list that outlines the daily short volume. The list for March 26th, 2014 can be found here: http://regsho.finra.org/FNSQshvol20140326.txt. For those seeking information specific to the United States, this answer may be more relevant."}
{"252": "\n\nIn situations like this, it is wise to have a rule of thumb: if a significant amount of money is requested upfront before any work is done, take a moment to consider what you would do if they fail to fulfill their promises. Although they may know who you are, all you know about them is their company name and phone number, both of which can disappear quickly, leaving you with nothing. If they have promised to pay off your debt and issue a new loan, it is reasonable to allow them to complete the task before payment is made. However, if they are insisting on receiving payment upfront without any guarantee of delivery, it is best to avoid doing business with them unless they are a recognized, established company. Otherwise, you may find yourself risking too much; giving them money and not receiving any product or service in return."}
{"253": "\n\nRevised: It is important to keep personal and corporate accounts separate. Any payments made to you as an individual belong to you, not the corporation. You can choose to contribute these payments to the corporation, but it will incur additional taxes and other consequences which you should fully understand. It is recommended to consult with a licensed tax advisor (EA/CPA in your State) for guidance. If payments are made to you individually (1099), they should be reported on your Schedule C, and you will need to pay SE taxes on it. If payments are made to the corporation, the corporation will pay you a salary and handle the associated payroll taxes. Generally, this approach is slightly more expensive than reporting on Schedule C. However, if you have employees or subcontractors, operating as an S-Corp may provide some advantages for earning income beyond your own performance."}
{"254": "\n\nWe are purchasing a home for just over $200,000, which means that he will only need to contribute around $7,000. However, I agree with the others that we shouldn't call this a gift unless it truly is a gift. I suggest that he contacts the bank that previously denied him a mortgage to see if putting both of us on the mortgage would alleviate their concerns. Our cash flow will cover the mortgage payment, and if we are unable to make payments, they can fall back on his contribution. This solution may work for them, even though they would decline individual loans. This scenario works in his favour as he was prepared to take on the entire loan, and it works for us too as our current plan would make us solely responsible for the loan.\n\nWhat percentage of ownership and future expenses do you suggest? Typically, a cash/financing partnership is split 50/50. However, since we are only contributing a 3.5% down-payment instead of the usual 20%, is a 50/50 split still fair? Surprisingly, a 3.5% down-payment accrues half the equity of a 20% down-payment, which means your proposed 25%-75% split makes sense.\n\nI calculated his share to increase based on his equity share of the monthly payment, which I set to the principal plus interest payment for a thirty-year loan. With a 20% down-payment, this would give him 84% equity, and with 3.5%, it equates to around 40% equity. I'm unsure why 84% equity is considered a 50% share. However, it may be due to additional expenses. If we exclude property taxes, it may reduce the equity share.\n\nPlease note that if we increase the down-payment to 20%, our mortgage payment will decrease significantly, and we can eliminate any PMI payment. Additionally, we could argue that if he pays a third of the monthly mortgage payment, it would give him the same 50% equity stake on a 3.5% down-payment as he would get with a 20% down-payment. But this means he would effectively subsidize my monthly payment, and if he were to stop paying, my rent would increase by 50%.\n\nTherefore, I suggest I handle the monthly payment and he handles the down-payment. In case of an emergency, he can take over the mortgage if necessary. However, if he is unable to pay his third of the mortgage, I may not be able to find someone to replace him or take over his share. My brother can construct a plan where I inherit his equity in case of tragedy so that we can continue paying the mortgage and not lose our equity in the house. This solution ensures stability and protects us from financial loss."}
{"255": "\n\nRevised: \n\nContrary to popular belief, adding a large number of shares to a stock that constitutes a significant portion of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) may not necessarily result in an increase in the index. This is because the DJIA is a price-weighted index, not a market-cap weighted one; other possible weightings include equal weighting. The DJIA, composed of 30 blue-chip companies, was introduced in May 1896. Therefore, even if new shares are added through a stock split, the value of the DJIA will not necessarily be equivalent to the sum of the share prices of its constituents. Similarly, dilution of earnings does not always translate to a direct impact on stock prices, especially if there are exercised options or secondary offerings. \n\nIn the event of an increase in the index, such as in the absence of additional buying activity in the ETF, the ETF DIA may still experience a rise. If the ETF's increase is not proportional to that of the index, an arbitrage opportunity arises for investors to buy the DIA shares, which can then be redeemed for the underlying stocks that have a higher value. For further information, refer to the Creation and Redemption Unit process outlined in ETFs."}
{"256": "\n\nAs a US citizen, I would like to transfer an amount of 10 lakhs or more from my NRE account in India to my brother's account. He intends to purchase something for his business and will return the amount within 3-4 months. I would like to loan the money to him on repatriation basis, which is allowed with certain conditions. The RBI Guide outlines these conditions in detail, including that the loan is interest-free, has a minimum maturity period of one year, is received through normal banking channels or by debit to the non-resident lender's NRE/FCNR account, and is utilized for personal or business purposes but not for specific activities such as agricultural/plantation activities, purchase of immovable property, or shares/debentures/bonds issued by companies in India or for re-lending. There is no illegality in carrying out such a transaction, but proper documentation is necessary to show it as a loan and to document the money trail. In regards to taxes, there is no need to pay taxes on the money deposited into my NRO account by my brother."}
{"257": "\n\nRevised: The rule is straightforward. If the property was not rented out, you can claim it as a deduction for home mortgage interest on Schedule A. However, if it was rented out, it falls under Schedule E and is still eligible for deduction, including any associated expenses."}
{"258": "\n\nThe \"Do You Have To File?\" section of the Form 1040 (U.S. tax return form) Instructions determines whether an individual is required to file a tax return based on their income. Various factors, including dependency status and marital status, affect the income threshold at which one is required to file. If an individual is unmarried, under 65 years of age, and not blind, they should refer to Chart B to determine whether they meet the conditions to file a tax return. If their unearned income was over $1050, their earned income was over $6,300, or their gross income was more than either $1,050, or the sum of their earned income (up to $5,950) plus $350, they are required to file. Keep in mind that income from YouTube counts as earned income for these purposes. However, if an individual is self-employed, they must also consider Chart C. Self-employed individuals can deduct business expenses (i.e., expenses incurred in producing their products) from their revenue to determine their taxable income. If revenue minus expenses reaches $400, they must file an income tax return."}
{"259": "\n\nWhat if I receive a salary from a source in India? Essentially, the salary I receive may be significantly lower than what I earn as a research assistant in the US. For instance, in India, a research assistant at a college earns approximately a third of what I earn in the US. Although my cost of living may decrease when living in India, my salary would also reduce accordingly. There are websites that provide guidance on the average salary for specific professions with varying years of experience. However, some individuals may receive more or less than the average salary, making it challenging to compare between countries. Nonetheless, if one is paid more than the average salary in the US, it's likely that they would also receive an above-average wage in other regions. Besides, moving to a developing country may provide a positive pedigree bias.\n\nVarious websites offer purchasing power parity for different currency pairs. However, the lifestyle one experiences in a specific country is unique and difficult to replicate elsewhere. Trying to compare similar things between countries can be misleading. For instance, a friend of mine moved from the US to India, where they received a tremendous salary compared to the typical Indian income. Unfortunately, a house similar to what they had in the US was only affordable to CEOs of top companies in India's Bangalore region. Considering such aspects is crucial, such as being content with living in a three-room apartment compared to an independent bungalow with a basement and attic with four bedrooms equivalent to what my friend had in the US. It's common for individuals in the US to drink Starbucks coffee a couple of times a day, while in India, this is considered a luxurious lifestyle. Similarly, fast food items such as McBurgers in India cost around Rs 100 while a Wada Pav is sold for Rs 10. Availability and prices of food items vary, making it necessary to budget when in a foreign country.\n\nDifferent countries have varied social structures, such as the possibility of affording house help, including maids, drivers, plumbers, and electricians. For instance, when in the US, I couldn't afford such help, while in India, I have a cooking maid, driver, plumber, and electrician, all at an affordable rate. Such help is typically unaffordable for most individuals in the US. In the UK, a colleague preferred to live in a specific locality due to the presence of a good church. Likewise, one may find a good church that aligns with their beliefs in India.\n\nIt's necessary to consider other factors such as citizenship, which may differ from one country to another. A foreign national may never acquire Indian citizenship, and children do not qualify unless both parents are Indian. Health care also varies from one country to another, making it essential to research beforehand. Traffic, cleanliness, culture, and climate are among the various other factors to consider when planning to relocate.\n\nIt's worth noting that research assistants in India are generally poorly paid due to the lack of funds in colleges. Additionally, fundamental science research is low, and the linkages between industry and universities are primitive, unlike in the US."}
{"260": "\n\nFirstly, it is recommended to pay off any debt with higher interest rates as this guarantees the best return on investment. It is important to determine what the money will be used for, the timeline, and the level of advance planning required. Understanding one\u2019s risk tolerance and patience is also crucial, as it affects whether or not a dip in an asset\u2019s value is seen as a loss or a buying opportunity. Seeking the advice of a financial advisor who solely provides their services is imperative, as they can assess your needs and suggest a suitable mixture of investment types. With this in mind, you can then choose specific investments that align with your goals. Personally, low-fee index funds are still preferred due to the ease of diversification, with a small percentage reserved for more active trading if you are willing to put in the effort and believe you can outperform the market. More detailed information can be found in other personal finance discussions, so unless there are unique circumstances, it is not necessary to reiterate them here."}
{"261": "\n\nThe Groupon IPO model has been widely criticized for not being a viable investment option, unless one has insider access to discounted shares. Simply put, investors outside that circle face considerable challenges."}
{"262": "\n\nI agree with @DumbCoder that every company has its unique way of displaying the next dividend date and actual dividend. As a result, I have taken it upon myself to keep track of this information and make it accessible for free through my iPhone web app at http://divies.nazabe.com."}
{"263": "Mint is one option. If you prefer to have the raw data in CSV format, utilize the \"Export\" feature available."}
{"264": "\n\nYour question appears to have a typo. Your stated APR is 5.542%, which equals 0.05542, not 0.005542 as written. Using the corrected numbers, I ran the formula on Wikipedia and got a monthly payment of $849.2528, which would round to $849.25 for most payments. The number you computed and the number on your TIL do not match this. Is it possible that you made another error in your calculation? While it is unlikely that this is just a mistake from the mortgage company, it's not impossible. Have you accounted for any additional costs, such as property tax escrow, that may have been omitted from the TIL form? The monthly payment line on the form may not reflect all of your monthly expenses."}
{"265": "\n\nI believe that the common response to the question of why mutual funds are priced once per day is often \"that's just how it's done,\" without any real justification. However, it is likely that historical reasons played a role in establishing this practice, as it used to be more difficult to calculate and update a fund's value before the availability of real-time quotes. This may have led to laws that mandated once-a-day pricing. \n\nThere are, however, fundamental differences between stocks and mutual funds that make pricing them differently necessary. When a person buys a share of stock, they are trading a finite piece of ownership in the company with another person, bartering to agree on a price. In contrast, buying into a mutual fund means that the fund uses the subscription amount to purchase shares of underlying stocks. The value of the mutual fund is therefore determined by the total weighted value of these underlying stocks, and there is only one reasonable way to price it. \n\nAlthough there is no inherent reason why mutual fund pricing cannot be done instantaneously, people typically do not buy and sell funds to each other directly. Instead, they deposit or withdraw from the fund manager, who is only legally required to price the fund once a day. Therefore, they typically only do so once a day. \n\nAs someone with limited knowledge of finance and markets, I am wary of answers that simply say \"that's how it's always been done\" and prefer explanations grounded in reason and evidence."}
{"266": "\n\nYou can use a debit card for almost any purchase you make, but it's essential to take some standard precautions as well as a few additional ones. While cards offer a convenient and straightforward way of managing your finances, it's crucial to be vigilant. Have a safe and enjoyable travel experience, and here's my two cents."}
{"267": "\n\nThe solution you seek is already available in the form of Unit Investment Trusts. These trusts begin with a fixed pool of securities that are not actively managed and remain unchanged throughout their lifespan. Upon termination, all assets are distributed among the owners. Professionals carefully select the securities to meet specific investment goals such as growth, income, or capital appreciation, according to the Investment Company Institute. Units are sold through a one-time public offering, and the strategy utilized is buy-and-hold. By doing so, unit holders know precisely what they're investing in, as all securities appear in the prospectus. Redeemable units are usually sold, meaning the trust is obligated to repurchase the investors' units at their net asset value whenever requested."}
{"268": "\n\nInvestors typically have a place on the company's board of directors, and their ownership in the business gives them a vested interest in its stock price. Similarly, management may have an aligned interest in the stock price if they hold a certain percentage of equity in the company."}
{"269": "\n\nInvesting in bonds with negative yields means that instead of making a profit on your investment, you will actually end up losing money. This is a new practice implemented by financial institutions worldwide, where the interest rate could be as low as -0.05% for a ten-year investment. For a $100,000 bond, this means the value would be discounted to $100,501. The return on investment would be calculated as (Principle $100,000)- (Negative Yield @ -0.05) x (10 Years), assuming simple annual rates. \n\nOne may wonder why someone would buy such an investment that not only eliminates possible profits, but also decreases the principal amount. However, there are valid reasons for issuing or investing in such bonds. From an investor's perspective, every asset has an \"expense\" associated with it, including currency, depending on its size and other investment possibilities and risk factors. For example, people with a lower income but steady cash flow may choose a savings account that yields a positive rate of interest, while business professionals may prefer a checking account. \n\nSimilarly, people with large sums of money with no secure investment opportunities have the option of keeping the money idle, which involves additional expenses, risks, and headaches. Alternatively, they could choose to invest in bonds issued by the government, even if they have negative yields. This is because investing in these bonds provides security and a risk-free guarantee of getting their money back on time. \n\nFrom the government's perspective, issuing negative interest-bearing bonds encourages people to invest their money in sectors that could be profitable for both the investor and the greater community, ultimately benefiting the country. \n\nIn conclusion, negative interest bonds are a relatively new concept, aiming to provide a secure investment for people with large sums of money. While they may appear counterintuitive, they serve a purpose for both investors and governments."}
{"270": "\n\nI acknowledge that you should have received both a 1099 and a W2 from your employer. However, some employers may be hesitant to do so due to the fear of triggering an IRS audit. The determination of independent contractor versus employee should be based on job function, not personal preference. If your job function did not change when you switched from contractor to employee, the IRS could argue that you should have been classified as an employee the entire time, along with other similar contractors at the company. Thus, the employer may be unwilling to address the issue. \n\nRegarding your concern about \"Federal and FICA W/H together,\" does this total appear in box 4 of your 1099? If yes, the employer may expect you to reimburse the employer's portion of FICA. You can ask if they already paid it or not. If they did, then they should issue a W2 since the IRS expects it. If not, the cost to you would be 7.65% of what your W2 wages would have been. You can request that they issue a check for this additional amount. Please note that even though it is less than $600 and you won't receive a 1099 in 2017 for it, you are still required to pay taxes on it. I suggest estimating 10%. If the employer refuses to compensate you, you can threaten to fill out form SS-8. \n\nIn your situation, your employer is cheating by attempting to classify you as a 1099 contractor for the entire time instead of properly converting you to an employee. This is frowned upon by the IRS as well as by employees since it costs them more money in the form of employer FICA. It seems like your employer intended to help you but did not follow through properly. Ideally, they should have left you as a contractor if that was truly your job function, or completed the conversion process correctly."}
{"271": "\n\nBusinesses have the freedom to choose the payment methods they accept for their goods and services. To let customers know what credit cards they accept, some businesses display stickers at their entrance. If you do not see your credit card listed, and you lack the necessary cash, ask about the accepted payment methods before placing an order. If the business does not accept your preferred payment method, it's best to take your business elsewhere. If you've already dined at the establishment and found yourself in an uncomfortable situation due to an assumption that your card would be accepted, consider writing an online review. Share your experience with other potential customers, but please be reasonable in your review. If the food and service were satisfactory, giving the business a one-star rating simply for not accepting credit cards is unfair. It's essential to note that businesses may choose not to accept credit cards for legitimate reasons, such as avoiding the additional costs incurred. However, there are also more questionable reasons. Accepting cash as payment allows for a lack of an electronic record of the transaction, leaving room for businesses to manipulate their income. Some establishments may under-report income to avoid tax obligations or over-report income to launder money, which is illegal."}
{"272": "\n\nPlease visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_gateway for detailed information regarding payment gateways. It's important to note that there is a lead time between the transaction date and the settlement date, typically 2-3 business days. The step-by-step process is explained on the linked page."}
{"273": "\n\nThe commonly held belief is that you should allocate roughly 5% of your portfolio to gold. However, this is an average, and there may be times when you want to increase or decrease that percentage. For instance, right now, with concerns over the Federal Reserve's monetary policy for the past decade, which has escalated in recent times, leading to quantitative easing, gold prices are surging. Conversely, in the 1980s, with Paul Volcker's monetary tightening policies, among other reasons, gold prices fell, suggesting 0% allocation to the asset. It's crucial to note that a lack of understanding of how quantitative easing or Paul Volcker's policies affect gold prices means that investing in it may not be advisable."}
{"274": "\n\nYou may enjoy more success by using Quandl as your source. They provide free databases, which can be accessed after registration. Their API's are user-friendly and simpler to use than Yahoo's API's. Additionally, their WIKI database of stock prices is carefully curated, and any errors are promptly corrected (www.quandl.com/WIKI). However, it is uncertain if the database covers the London stock exchange. Nevertheless, Quandl has other databases that cover the London stock exchange."}
{"275": "\n\nGenerally, when terminating a contract, a credit check is uncommon as no further credit request is needed. However, if the credit check was a \"hard pull,\" it will remain on your credit report for two years but only affects your credit score for up to 12 months. Alternatively, a \"soft pull\" credit check has no impact on your credit score. Considering you have passed the 12-month mark, it is unlikely to be of concern. Nonetheless, please continue your investigation and inform us if Comcast confirms the second credit check. We are interested to hear their explanation."}
{"276": "\n\nFire insurance can be a frustrating expense for homeowners since it seems to offer little benefit for the high cost. Although payouts may be insufficient to replace a loss, many institutions still require mortgage holders to purchase insurance. However, after completely paying off my mortgage and gaining ownership of my home, I cancelled my fire insurance and invested the money instead. This decision is not for everyone, as one option for those facing a loss may be to borrow money against their land to rebuild their home, but this requires the ability to service two mortgages. Those without the means may need to go back to renting and paying off their original mortgage. Alternatively, if suing the insurance company is an option, this could provide necessary funds, though not everyone will be comfortable with this. Ultimately, fire insurance is a hidden cost of homeownership in the United States that can feel like a waste of money for some individuals."}
{"277": "\n\nLimit orders are managed by exchanges, and if they are not filled immediately, they are directed to the order book. Typically, orders are executed based on price-time-priority. However, precedence is given to hide-not-slide orders over earlier placed visible slidden limit orders. Unslidden orders are treated as modifications or cancellations by the exchange, as they do not charge fees for placing or canceling orders, only for trade transactions. When an order is modified, its timestamp is reset, and price-time-priority is reapplied, and if it remains unfilled, it is sent back to the order book to be filled according to price-time-priority."}
{"278": "\n\nThe text has minor grammatical errors and is presented unclearly. Below is a revised version:\n\nThere are excellent explanations on how 0% loans function. Usually, they are linked to a significant item purchase or credit cards that have a no-interest period. When it comes to credit card transactions, banks receive a fee from the retailer, who then inclines to incorporate a hidden charge that covers the fee. On large purchases like buying a car, retailers usually pay a fee that covers the usual interest rate. This step is taken because it drives sales for their business. In typical negotiations, the retailers will not offer low prices if you do not secure the 0% loan. However, in some situations, the seller may provide either a rebate or a low-to-zero finance rate, but not both."}
{"279": "\n\nAs you did not treat the house as a qualified business unit (QBU), you must use USD as your functional currency. To calculate capital gains, the USD value at the time of purchase using the exchange rate at the time of purchase and the USD value at the time of sale using the exchange rate at the time of sale must be calculated. The capital gain/loss is then the difference between the two figures. Further details on this can be found by following this link: http://www.maximadvisors.com/2013/06/foreign-residence/, which also discusses added potential complications if you have a mortgage on the house. For the court case referenced in the article (http://www.uniset.ca/other/cs5/93F3d26.html), Rev. Rul 54-105 is mentioned. The IRS website (https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-wd/0303021.pdf) also contains details from Rev. Rul. 54-105, 1954-1 C.B. 12, which states that for determining gain, the basis and selling price of property acquired by a U.S. citizen living in a foreign country should be expressed in United States dollars, using the rates of exchange prevailing as of the dates of purchase and sale of the property, respectively. While the text implies this is for US citizens living in a foreign country, the court case makes it clear this also applies in your scenario (house purchased while living abroad but now residing in the US). Appellants must translate the 453,374 pounds received for their residence at the $1.82 exchange rate prevailing at the date of sale, and the 343,147 pound adjusted cost basis of the residence, consisting of the 297,500 pound purchase price and the 45,647 pounds paid for capital improvements, must also be expressed in US dollar terms as of the date of the sale. While their argument may be fair and reasonable, it is an untenable attempt to convert their \"functional currency\" from the US dollar to the pound sterling. As outlined in I.R.C. \u00a7 985(b)(1), the use of a functional currency other than the US dollar is restricted to qualified business units (\"QBU\"s). As appellants' residence was not purchased or sold by a QBU, the district court rightly rejected their plea to treat the pound as their functional currency, although they correctly assert that their residence was bought for a pound-denominated value when they were living and working in a pound-denominated economy."}
{"280": "\n\nIf you aren't certain of your long-term plans in the area, it's better to purchase a car rather than a house."}
{"281": "\n\nIn the United States, it is necessary to explicitly state which stocks you are selling. Brokers are now obligated to monitor and report cost basis information to the IRS on the 1099-B. Therefore, you must inform your broker which position you are closing. Generally, the default approach is FIFO, meaning you are assumed to be ending the oldest position; however, you can alter this option if you prefer. It is not permitted to average the cost basis of stocks in the US (although this is allowed for mutual funds), so you must use either FIFO, LIFO (i.e. closing the last position first), or indicate the specific positions when submitting the sale order."}
{"282": "\n\nTL;DR: Hire a tax adviser for tax issues and a lawyer for Operating Agreement, labor law and contract-related issues. Some tasks should not be done by yourself if you are not knowledgeable enough. Currently, we are doing freelance work under our personal names. What are the additional taxes we need to pay for the business compared to being a self-proprietor? (I heard that we do not need to pay additional taxes as long as our income is less than $200k, but not sure.) There will be no change in taxes unless you choose to have your LLC taxed as a corporation. As an LLC, it is a pass-through entity, and all income flows to personal tax returns. The LLC will be considered as a partnership from a tax perspective. It has to file form 1065 to report its income, and allocate the income to members/partners through schedules K-1. Members will use these numbers to pay taxes on their allocated income. Will the LLC result in additional taxes for my partner since she is out-of-state? Your employee's salary will not be affected, whether you operate as a sole proprietor, LLC, or corporation. What forms are needed when changing from freelance work to LLC? Normally, we receive 1099 forms; how will this change? If you are not a corporation, people who pay you over $600 annually must file a 1099 form. As an LLC, you will need to provide the partnership EIN instead of your SSN. Do LLCs have to pay taxes four times annually? Although we will hire an accountant, we will have months where we will not be working. Do we need to pay taxes quarterly? Unless you tax your LLC as a corporation, the LLC will have no taxes. You need to make sure that you have enough withholding to cover any additional income, or pay quarterly estimates. The threshold is $1000, and if you owe more than that, you will be penalized unless you paid the previous year's tax amount by either 100% or 110%. Our LLC will be 50-50, but we may not always split the income equally. Are we at risk if one partner earns more? Partnerships can be flexible, and the equity split does not have to be the same as income, loss, or asset split. However, you need to have a lawyer draft an operating agreement that defines all these splits to avoid issues later on."}
{"283": "\n\nI am unsure of the traditional definition of \"Swiss-style monetary policy.\" However, recently it appears to be similar to US, Japanese, or Euro monetary policy, which is to print money. It is worth noting that it takes a considerable number of Swiss Francs to acquire a non-printable currency. Therefore, it is unclear why \"Swiss-style monetary policy\" would be promoted. As of late, it has not been a successful approach."}
{"284": "\n\nRevised: \n\nVesting refers to the process of acquiring stock options, which is the right to purchase a specific amount of stock at a predetermined price. Your company is offering you options for 200,000 shares, but you can only acquire 25,000 shares initially. The remaining 175,000 shares have conditions attached, probably requiring you to still be employed by the company at a later time. Once the conditions are met, the option has vested, allowing you to exercise it at any time and acquire the related shares.\n\nOne way private companies make money for their shareholders is by paying dividends. The management of the company may decide to pay a dividend periodically, which could occur annually or more or less frequently. This payment is made by declaring a specific number of cents per share and multiplying that by the number of shares held by each shareholder. For instance, if you own 200,000 shares in your company after all your stock options have vested and the board declares a dividend of 10 cents per share, you would receive $20,000. Depending on your location and specific circumstances, you may have to pay taxes on this amount.\n\nWhile these are the basic concepts, there are numerous variations and complications that can arise, but this should provide you with an initial understanding."}
{"285": "\n\nWarren Buffett: 'Investing Advice for You--and My Wife' (And Other Quotes of the Week)\n\nIn this article, Warren Buffett shares his advice on investing, which is practically identical to the instructions he has put in his will. He plans to leave a sum of cash to a trustee for his wife's benefit, and his simple advice to the trustee is to invest 10% of the cash in short-term government bonds and 90% in a very low-cost S&P 500 index fund, specifically recommending Vanguard. Buffett believes that the trust's long-term results from this policy will surpass those of most investors, including pension funds, institutions, and individuals. Find out if Warren Buffett's investment advice will work for you."}
{"286": "\n\nThis is a new method of computing sales tax that you may be interested in. An informative article about it can be found on Wikipedia at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FairTax."}
{"287": "\n\nRevised: Covered calls that prove successful result in short-term capital gains, regardless of how long you have owned the underlying security. The profit is earned during the option period, which lasts fewer days than required for long-term capital gain classification. In contrast, the classification of failed covered calls depends on the date on which the stock was acquired and sold."}
{"288": "\n\nRevised: When providing financing, it's advisable to obtain a substantial upfront payment and keep the loan term short. Avoid taking on unnecessary risk with a 30-year note. By receiving significant funds beforehand, the buyer will have invested in the property and will likely continue to make timely payments."}
{"289": "\n\nInstead of making a broad assumption about all pairs of funds and ETFs, it would be more beneficial to examine specific funds and ETFs to draw accurate conclusions. For instance, the Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund (VTSAX) and ETF (VTI) have shown no discernible difference on Yahoo Finance's 5-year visual comparison. However, individual cases may reflect slightly varying outcomes due to differing benchmarks and fees. For example, emerging market ETFs were found to have higher fees than index funds in a past article. Therefore, examining each pair of funds or ETFs individually is crucial. As the returns of index funds and ETFs are public, guessing is unnecessary."}
{"290": "\n\nGreat news- I also have an ANZ credit card and can assist you with accessing your account online. Firstly, select your credit card account from the list of accounts provided. Under \"Date Range\", you will see the current incomplete statement period. By clicking the down arrow, you will have the option to select the last complete date range, which ends in late April, depending on your credit card cycle. Press \"View\" next to the drop-down box to view your purchases, payments, and credits for that period. You will then see a line displaying your Credit Limit, Available Funds, and Closing Balance. Below that, you will find your Due Date, Overdue/Overlimit, Minimum Payment, and Amount Due Now. If you only wish to pay the minimum amount, you must pay it by the due date, but please note that if you do, you will incur interest charges. To avoid interest charges, it is recommended that you pay the full Closing Balance before the due date. If you prefer, you can also sign up to receive electronic statements via email instead."}
{"291": "\n\nThe dividend gets deposited into your IRA, and you can choose to automatically reinvest it or keep the cash until you're ready to invest it. This dividend is not subject to taxes because an IRA is a tax-deferred account. While you'll be taxed on any distributions you take, capital gains within the account are not taxed."}
{"292": "\n\nTD e-series index funds are an excellent option for individuals looking to make regular contributions with every paycheck as there are no trading commissions. The Canadian Couch Potato, a personal finance blog, offers exemplary \"model portfolios\" consisting entirely of TD e-series index funds. Check out this link: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/model-portfolios-2/. According to the Model Portfolios (linked above), the e-series portfolio delivered returns of just over 10%, which is quite similar to the ETF Model Portfolio. However, it is important to note that these funds have a 30-day no-sell time frame or else a 2% fee will be charged upon withdrawal."}
{"293": "\n\n\nAs the holder of put options, you have the right to sell the underlying stock at the strike price. If your strike price is $100 and the current stock price is only $25, you can purchase 100 shares of the stock and then exercise one of your put options. This action will generate $7500 in new money for you. Repeat this process as many times as necessary to maximize your units of new money."}
{"294": "\n\nIn response to your comment, you stated that your main concern is oversight, which can be ensured by regularly monitoring your online bank account. Although Mint.com is not available in Australia, you may want to explore getpocketbook.com, a site that I personally use and greatly appreciate. This platform not only assists with keeping track of your expenses, but it's also incredibly helpful come tax time."}
{"295": "\n\nIf debt is your only option, I would suggest using student loans instead of relying on credit card debt. Here are some advantages to consider: \n\nAdvantages: \n1. Student loans generally have lower interest rates compared to credit cards.\n2. Student loans often come with more flexible repayment options and longer repayment periods.\n3. Student loans can help you establish a good credit history, which is important for future financial endeavors.\n\nDisadvantages: \n1. You will still need to repay the student loans with interest, which means you will be paying back more than you borrowed.\n2. Student loans may not cover all of your expenses and may require additional borrowing or budgeting.\n3. If you are unable to repay your student loans, it could negatively impact your credit score and future finances."}
{"296": "\n\nUpon examination, it appears that there are two violations of the law that are apparent. Firstly, if an individual earns money through online transactions but does not report it as income, they are in breach of the Income Tax Act. This concealment of income is liable for penalty and prosecution under the Act. Individuals who are residents of India, as per the Income Tax Act, and earn taxable income exceeding the exemption limit are required to fill out the relevant column in their income tax return. From now on, false declarations regarding overseas assets are punishable by law. \nSecondly, the Liberalized Remittance Scheme, established by RBI, permits the remittance of funds to certain entities, but prohibits it for others. Before sending funds, it is necessary to investigate whether the purpose is prohibited by the RBI. The prohibited items that apply to the scheme are listed on the RBI's website. If you determine that the remittance was not made for a purpose restricted under the RBI's LRS, there is no violation of the law, and the only violation is the Income Tax Act."}
{"297": "\n\nRevised: Exchange traded options eliminate counter party risk as both stocks and options are held in street name. This means that regardless of my position as a short seller and your position as a long buyer, your shares remain secure in your possession. It is worth noting that while direct deals for non-standard options are possible, they are quite rare for the average investor."}
{"298": "\n\nAll the answers provided are excellent. However, one crucial point that hasn't been mentioned is that student loans cannot be discharged in bankruptcy. Therefore, if you used funds that were designated for student loans to pay off other debts and then declared bankruptcy, your student loan debt would still be outstanding while your other debts would be discharged. In this case, it would have been wiser to use the money to pay off your student loans. I am not recommending paying down student loans with the intention of declaring bankruptcy, nor am I suggesting that it is the better option; it is simply an often overlooked factor to consider."}
{"299": "\n\nThe term \"equity\" typically pertains to the possession of ownership in something, whether it be a business or a property. The Wikipedia article distinguishes companies based on their method of securing funds for their operations. Companies that provide equity, as defined by the article, offer an ownership share in the company in return for capital. Conversely, debt-based companies, also defined in the article, borrow money from investors without offering an ownership stake; instead, they pledge to return the funds with interest."}
{"300": "\n\nBased on my research, it appears that this income is not effectively connected with the trade or business. For more information, please refer to the following webpage: https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/effectively-connected-income-eci."}
{"301": "\n\nWhile it is true that many hedge funds did not survive the 2008-2009 period, it is important to note that hedge funds have faced challenges both before and after that time frame, with some thriving amidst the chaos. Hedge funds are inherently risky due to their dependence on leverage, which involves using money that is not actually owned by the fund. Publicly-visible funds, such as those managed by prominent index fund companies, tend to be less risky because they are not leveraged. \n\nContrary to the claim that a \"great many companies\" failed during the recession, the number of publicly-traded companies that went bankrupt was minimal. As a result, the vast majority of publicly-traded companies maintained some or most of their value, allowing the funds that owned their stocks to remain afloat. Personally, I did not witness a single index fund that went out of business due to the recession."}
{"302": "\n\nActually, it's not the lender who is buying the stock back at a lower price. This is because the lender already owns the stock and doesn't need to buy it again. Instead, it's the person from whom the short seller initially bought the stock who experiences a loss if they purchased the stock at a higher price. For example, if B borrowed stock from A and sold it to C, then later bought it back from C at a lower price, B would make a profit while C would experience a loss. A, on the other hand, would not gain or lose anything in this scenario."}
{"303": "\n\nThis is typical business, with the caveat that you must keep in mind the distinction between the corporate and individual entities. Therefore, it is imperative that all background checks and references pertain to the renting corporation. Exercise caution, as terminating an individual's lease is not as simple nor as legally protected as dissolving a corporation. Avoid potential complications by thoroughly checking the corporation's background, such as its age, creditworthiness, tax returns, business activities, and any associated legal judgments, just as you would for an individual."}
{"304": "\n\nOn their website, SCHUFA explicitly states that their scoring system is confidential. Nevertheless, if you aim to prove your creditworthiness, for instance, to secure financing for a home or car, simply make prompt payments of your loans and credit card bills. Building a credit history is not a requisite. I was able to obtain a mortgage for a new home even though I had no significant credit history. Although I have a credit card, I use it only when I travel to countries that don't accept my debit card, and I always top it up before using it. I have, technically, never borrowed money from a bank. During a review of my SCHUFA with my banker, we discovered nothing in my report except for my modest credit card with a limit of \u20ac500. On the off chance I maxed it out, my monthly interest amounts to just \u20ac6.80, which was added to my expenditure calculation. If you're experiencing challenges securing a loan and you're unsure why, request data from SCHUFA and rectify any inaccuracies. In some instances, SCHUFA may confuse individuals with similar birth dates and names, necessitating corrections."}
{"305": "\n\nForeign stocks are typically more volatile, but the potential for a higher return is always present with higher risk investments. However, investing in this area can be beneficial because, just like with bonds, it moves out of sync with US markets. By maintaining a preferred distribution, a balance can be achieved which takes advantage of this and improves the return on investment compared to the level of risk involved. I personally have invested only a few percent of my total portfolio in an international stock index fund and an international REIT, both of which have low fees. (Low fees mean more of the money reaches you, and this is one of the main reasons to prefer one fund over another.) I made this investment based on my advisor's model and Monte Carlo simulations of my specific mix, which indicate that maintaining these investments at a low level is likely to result in better long-term outcomes. Although I cannot explain why these specific ratios work or justify them based on theory, I trust the process and understand enough about it to feel confident that this is one of several reasonable solutions for the best odds, given my specific risk tolerance, timeline, and preference for infrequent, if any, active management of my investments."}
{"306": "\n\nLike with any other brokerage firm, there is a possibility of losing your entire capital with eToro. To minimize the risk, I recommend investing in one or more exchange-traded funds that track major indexes. If that is not feasible, consider placing your money in fixed deposit accounts to earn interest and establish an emergency fund before making any investments that you may be willing to risk losing."}
{"307": "\n\nThe P/E ratio is a great tool to assess a company's price, but it's only valuable when compared to businesses in a similar industry, particularly those with well-established cash flows. For instance, let's examine Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED) versus Hawaiian Electric (NYSE:HE), where we observe that HE has a notably higher P/E ratio. In essence, that indicates that HE may be overpriced relative to ED, although further investigation is necessary to confirm this. HE is exceptional in that it's a utility firm that also operates a bank, so this must be taken into account also. Rather than merely focusing on a \"magic number,\" conservative investors must consider their objectives and see the big picture. If capital preservation is your top priority, for example, you must ensure that your investments are diversified and appropriate. Given the 2011 interest rate scenario, this entails investing in short-term, high-quality bonds. Equities should be weighted towards large-cap with smaller holdings in international or commodity-related funds. Consider a blended or target-date fund like Vanguard's \"Life Strategy\" funds."}
{"308": "\n\nRevised: To see if a company's stock is available on a European market, you can verify its presence. For example, Apple is listed on the Frankfurt market."}
{"309": "\n\nRevised: In the past, physical cheques returned by banks contained printing or writing from the issuing bank, providing not-easily-Photoshopped evidence. However, now most banks only return low-quality, shrunken, black-and-white photocopy-like images of cheques. It is uncertain whether such images, as well as written or carbon-copy duplicates, would be considered credible proof in a court of law or in consultation with a lawyer. The only valid evidence may be an official bank statement confirming that the cheque was cashed by the intended recipient(s). It is crucial to be aware of the substantial risk of identity theft, particularly in the event of phone loss or theft."}
{"310": "\n\nTo avoid encountering problems, it's best to maintain a non-zero balance on your account. For instance, with credit cards that you keep for emergency use, it's wise to keep a small positive balance. Although the credit card company may cancel your card anytime, a positive balance would compel them to send you a refund for closing the account. Such an approach makes the account seem active, which reduces the cost for them to keep it open."}
{"311": "I apologize in advance for the length of this message. It appears that your friend may not have the necessary financial expertise to advise you on this matter. If they are also your financial advisor, they may be leading you towards a poor investment decision. Additionally, they seem to have a different investment model to the one you proposed, which may be causing confusion.\n\nTo clarify, the initial proposal was to take out a $10,000 loan, invest it, and not have any personal money tied up in it. However, since the loan does not appear to be interest-only and requires monthly payments, the principal payments need to be factored in as well. My analysis is correct, and the break-even point for an annual required return is in the low teens.\n\nRegarding the second proposal, your friend's analysis ignores certain factors, such as the loan's interest, which is not calculated correctly. \"Returns\" are a vague concept and need to be clearly defined in this context. It would help to build an amortization table for the loan in Excel.\n\nTo evaluate this proposed investment scheme, we need to consider various factors such as the loan amount, monthly payment, investment capital, monthly return, monthly contribution from your salary, taxes, and transaction fees. We can calculate the break-even point and total interest expense, which seems feasible. However, investing step-by-step may be a better option as it saves on interest and allows for dollar cost averaging in case the market goes down.\n\nUltimately, it is essential to consider various factors before making any investment decisions. While borrowing money may lead to more significant gains in some scenarios, it also comes with increased risk. Therefore, investing step-by-step may be a more practical and less risky option."}
{"312": "\n\nThis message appears to be spam. Keep in mind that mortgage brokers and insurance agents frequently approach potential customers. The company that sent this email does not offer anything unique, and any bank or mortgage broker can offer the same refinancing services. It is not advisable to do business with spammers, so I suggest that you avoid this company. However, the decision is yours to make. Refinancing is a common service offered by various lenders, each with similar interest rates. However, smaller brokers tend to charge higher closing and application fees, while big banks make their revenue through loan servicing. If your mortgage qualifies, any lender can facilitate a \"streamline\" refinance. It is important to note that while your current mortgage servicer may not own the loan, they may continue servicing it. Therefore, renegotiating the rate is unlikely to be an option. Refinancing is the most feasible alternative, and the previous mortgage rate will not be taken into account."}
{"313": "\n\nWhile this strategy will work as intended, there is another point to consider regarding taxes on stock sales in the US. Short-term holdings, defined as held for less than one year, are subject to higher tax rates than long-term holdings. Both rates are determined based on your income bracket for fiscal year 2014 when filing as single. The minimum difference between capital gains tax rates for short and long-term holdings is ten percentage points, with the average difference being 15 percentage points. This percentage difference can have a significant impact on your tax liability. Therefore, if you anticipate a low income in the year you plan to sell your stocks, it may be advantageous to wait until you move to the US to sell the stocks and take advantage of the 0% tax rate. However, even if you choose to sell and rebuy, it's recommended to hold the position for at least one year from a tax optimization perspective. Two caveats to keep in mind as you consider this strategy are:"}
{"314": "\n\nBefore making any payments on your credit card, it's crucial to review the terms and conditions or contact your bank to understand how they will apply your payments. In the United States, minimum payments usually go towards the lower rate balance, and any amount above the minimum towards the higher rate balance. However, this can differ by country and law, so it's best to ask to avoid any confusion.\n\nIn case you owe a balance of $6000, with $5000 at a 13.5% purchase rate and $1000 at a 22% cash advance rate. If your bank spreads your payments proportionally, a $600 payment would reduce your purchase balance by $500 and your cash advance balance by $100. To calculate the average APR, you would take the sum of each balance multiplied by the corresponding APR and divide it by the total balance. This is known as a weighted average, which in this case would be 15%.\n\nHowever, if your bank applies payments differently, such as to the lower rate first or a specific amount to each rate, a calculator based on average APR would not accurately reflect your situation. To get a more precise estimate, you can treat the balances as separate loans or credit cards and allocate payments accordingly. Although this method may not be 100% accurate, it will give you a better idea of how long it will take to pay off each balance.\n\nOverall, it's essential to understand how your bank applies payments and to be aware of the impact on your balances, so you can make informed decisions when managing your credit card debt."}
{"315": "\n\nRevised: Busts are rare occurrences, and even if an equity were illiquid enough to be impacted, the resulting cost would be enormous. In the case of a flash crash or flash spike, the amount of busted volume may be significant for a liquid equity, but under normal circumstances, it is insignificant. In such an event, it may be wise to consider redownloading."}
{"316": "\n\nLet me share what I did in a similar situation. First, my spouse and I were able to save around $20K per year in our cash fund due to our two good incomes, and we could live comfortably on just one income if needed. Additionally, we had access to a HELOC with an interest rate of prime-1.5%. To maximize our interest savings, we mentally treated the HELOC as our emergency fund, allowing us to enjoy an annual interest savings of over $16,500 for the $100K invested with a sub-1% return. \n\nWhen I first shared this strategy, I received some criticism, which I understand as it may not work for everyone. However, I want to mention that now we owe $228K at a 3.5% interest rate. While we rarely used the equity line, and never exceeded $20K, we had to rely on this line of credit when both my spouse and I lost our jobs. Fortunately, we had previously planned for our retirement budget to include our current mortgage payment, with the mortgage being paid off in 12 years, after which we could start collecting Social Security. \n\nTo note, we had a 6-month severance pay and unemployment insurance to cover us for the first year. This strategy of combining severance and unemployment insurance was our first line of defense against unemployment, as suggested by Nick's excellent answer."}
{"317": "\n\nAs Judge Judy wisely said, \"Our courts do not partake in settling assets for couples who choose to cohabit.\" This is one of the reasons why it might be wiser to wait until marriage before jointly investing in property. While there are legal guidelines in place for married couples who divorce, there are none for unmarried pairs. In the situation you described, you are at the mercy of your former partner when it comes to retrieving your down payment. Nevertheless, you are entitled to 50% of the remaining funds following the sale and expenses."}
{"318": "\n\nAfter thorough research, it has been determined that the best course of action is to recompute the tax return using the installment sales method. This recommendation is based on two key factors: firstly, the escrow payment was subject to significant limitations as it was intended to cover the buyer's indemnification claims, and secondly, the taxpayer failed to opt-out of the installment method and incorrectly reported the entire gain, including the escrow payments, in the year of the transaction."}
{"319": "\n\nWhen it comes to capital losses and gains, their holding periods should be taken into account. If an asset or investment is held for a year or less and sold at a loss, it will create a short-term capital loss. However, if it's held for over a year and sold at a loss, it will result in a long-term loss. In order to report these on a tax return, a taxpayer must first categorize all gains and losses as long or short term and aggregate the total amounts. This process includes offsetting long-term gains and losses against each other and short-term gains and losses against each other. The final step is to offset the net long-term gain or loss against the net short-term gain or loss to arrive at a final net gain or loss. \n\nFor example, let's say Frank has $6,000 in short-term gains, $4,000 in long-term gains, $2,000 in short-term losses, and $5,000 in long-term losses from his stock trading for the year. His net short-term gain/loss would be $4,000 (calculated by subtracting the $2,000 short-term loss from the $6,000 short-term gain) and his net long-term gain/loss would be a $1,000 long-term loss (calculated by subtracting the $5,000 long-term loss from the $4,000 long-term gain). This would result in a final net gain/loss of $3,000 short-term gain (calculated by subtracting the $1,000 long-term loss from the $4,000 short-term gain). Frank can only deduct up to $3,000 of final net short- or long-term losses against other types of income for that year and must carry forward any remaining balance."}
{"320": "\n\nFinally, I got a system in place to differentiate between my business and personal finances. This will simplify accounting procedures at the end of the year."}
{"321": "\n\nYoung one, it's time to start considering thresholds. There are a few financial thresholds that divide your group from a higher-funded one. \n1) Brokers require a minimum of $2000 before allowing you to take out a margin.\n2) In 2010, Congress banned credit access for people under 21 years, unless they have a cosigner. Even if you have $2000, no broker will give you margin without good credit history.\n3) The brokers who would work with you charge high commissions, which could destroy any capital gains.\n4) The pattern day trader rule limits your daily trades to three if your account holds less than $25,000.\n5) Try investing in municipal or treasury bonds. While they offer higher returns than savings accounts and municipalities are tax-free, they aren't always accessible.\n6) If you have a technical background, invest in high-growth stocks before risking too much on an idea.\n7) Consider arbitrage opportunities, but be aware of market saturation and size.\n8) Use the knowledge gained from these tips to create a small investor newsletter website with minimal overhead."}
{"322": "\n\nRevised Text:\n\nThe IRS provides guidance on business expense deductibility. In general, business expenses may be deductible depending on the circumstances and nature of the expense. Regarding travel expenses, taxpayers may deduct expenses related to business travel, such as transportation, lodging, and meals. Taxpayers are considered \"traveling away from home\" if their work requires them to be away for substantially longer than a regular workday and they need rest to meet work demands. Taxpayers can deduct actual meal expenses, which are generally limited to 50%, or use the standard meal allowance of $46/day for most small localities in the US. Only actual lodging expenses may be claimed, and receipts must be kept for documentation.\n\nEntertainment expenses may also be deductible if they are ordinary, necessary, and meet either the directly-related test or associated test. The directly-related test requires that the primary purpose of the entertainment activity is business conduct and that business was actually conducted during the activity with a specific expectation of future income or business benefit. The associated test requires that the entertainment was associated with active business discussion before or after the activity. More detailed information on deducting entertainment expenses is available in Publication 463.\n\nTaxpayers may also deduct the cost of gifts given in the course of their trade or business, but the deduction is generally limited to $25 per person per year. Additional information on the rules and limitations for deducting gifts can be found in Publication 463.\n\nIf an LLC reimburses business expenses that are not in compliance with IRS guidance, the reimbursement should be treated as income for tax purposes. For meal expenses, the standard meal allowance is the federal M&IE rate, which is $46/day for most small localities in the US. Alternatively, reimbursement can be made at a per diem rate."}
{"323": "\n\nThe Landlord-Tenant Act, specifically section 554.614 of Act 348 of the year 1972, does not mention anything about the landlord being required to earn interest on the security deposit. Searching for \"interest\" in the law does not yield any relevant results. Under section 554.604 of the same law, the landlord must deposit the security deposit in a regulated financial institution, but is not required to place it in an interest-bearing account. The landlord may use the funds for any purpose if he or she deposits a cash or surety bond with the Secretary of State, acceptable to the Attorney General, to secure the entire deposit up to $50,000.00 and 25% of any amount exceeding $50,000.00. The bond is for the benefit of persons making security deposits with the landlord, and can be collected upon by the person for whose benefit the bond is written or their legal representative, in the court where the landlord resides or does business."}
{"324": "\n\nRevised: Both put and call options are commonly sold at varying strike prices. For instance, XYZ stock may be trading at $12.50, but put options might be available at prices ranging from $0.50 to $30.00. Determining these strike prices depends on several factors. As an option writer/seller, the person on the opposite side of the trade holds a different opinion from yours. If you wish to buy a put option to safeguard yourself against potential losses, the option writer/seller is betting that the stock will rise instead of decline, and you are incorrect."}
{"325": "\n\nRevised: You can opt to automatically reinvest your dividends in a DRIP plan (see wiki_DRIP for details). By doing so, you use your dividend money to purchase additional shares rather than receiving the payout. The DRIP strategy offers two benefits: you increase the number of shares without incurring transaction fees, and you increase the value of your holdings. Over time, compounding interest through dividends can lead to significant return on investment. To enroll your dividend receiving stocks in a DRIP, consult your brokerage service provider."}
{"326": "\n\nThere are multiple quotes available for this stock due to the numerous data points. However, it's unclear whether you require a Real Time Level II quote or a delayed quote. The accuracy of delayed quotes can vary as different companies use different time points in their data. It's crucial to specify the type of quote and system you are using, and how precise you want the information to be. However, gaining access to an automated trading system may come at a cost. It's essential to note that even within first-world stock exchanges with various automated systems, there can be numerous trades happening in a millisecond that could result in latency issues. While different market makers can affect the equation, timing is also a crucial factor. If one quote is a second later than the other, it could impact the outcome due to numerous trades processed within that second. Thus, it's crucial to have a clear view of bids and asks for this stock, which can be a challenging task as there could be outstanding orders to consider."}
{"327": "\n\nA business has the right to refuse cash payments as long as it is a reasonable policy and has been notified to the customer before entering into the contract. You can find further information in this link which states that all United States money is valid and legal for paying off debts when offered to a creditor. However, there is no federal law which requires private businesses, individuals or organizations to accept currency or coins as payment for goods and/or services. Even if the payment is made to clear a debt or other obligation, the creditor can still refuse the payment if their reasoning is deemed reasonable by the courts."}
{"328": "\n\nThe prices provided are for currency pairs traded on the foreign exchange market. Exchange rates for these currencies are determined by market supply and demand, as well as investor confidence. The primary trading platforms in this market are EBS and Reuters, and they are the sources for much of the exchange rate data available to websites. However, these sources are not free. In the US, exchange rate data published by the Federal Reserve is often used in contracts and transactions. The Federal Reserve Economic Data maintains historical daily, weekly, and monthly exchange rate data for major currency pairs, which is free but not real-time. Business day data is typically updated the following business day."}
{"329": "\n\nNo, the CGT discount is only applied to your net capital gain. To determine your net capital gain, subtract your capital losses from your capital gains. For example, if your capital gains for the year were $25,000 and your capital losses were $5,000, your net capital gain would be $20,000. From that, you can apply the CGT discount of $10,000, which means you would pay CGT on $10,000.\n\nIf you sold ABC this financial year and DEF next financial year without any other share activities, you can carry forward any net capital loss from DEF to a future year. In this case, if you had no other capital gains or losses, your net capital gain this year would be $25,000 with a CGT discount of $12,500. You would pay CGT only on $12,500.\n\nIf you sell DEF next year and have a $5,000 net capital loss, you can carry forward this loss and use it as an offset against future capital gains."}
{"330": "\n\nAt this juncture, your options may be limited. The loan documentation likely designates you as the sole owner and signer of the loan, leading any legal proceedings to become a \"he said, she said\" situation. Fortunately, there were no actual injuries resulting from the incident. It is generally not recommended to seek financing through a car dealership. As such, it would be best to pursue what should have been done in the initial stages by approaching banks and credit unions to refinance the vehicle for your daughter. By doing so, you may access a lower interest rate with minimal fees. To begin, you could start with the bank or credit union where your daughter maintains her accounts or has an existing relationship. If this is not successful, seeking out a smaller, more personal financial institution with a physical location to speak with a loan officer would be preferable to dealing with larger corporate banks. It is not uncommon for car dealers to be deceitful, which makes purchasing a car feel like a battle."}
{"331": "\n\nBoth Lowes and Home Depot in Canada offer a deferred interest payment plan for purchases over $500, with occasional promotions for specific products lasting up to a year. This financing option is an effective way to cover renovation costs. Keep in mind that deferred interest is commonly used in furniture sales and should be approached carefully. The financing works by dividing the principal by six and adding 5%, paid monthly until the end date specified in the plan agreement. Be sure to stay aware of the end date and avoid paying the high 22% interest on the outstanding balance. Additionally, watch your card balance closely, as any payments you make will go toward current purchases before the plan balance. For best results, pay off any new balances before making payments on the plan balance. Also, check out http://diy.stackexchange.com for useful DIY tips."}
{"332": "\n\nInvestors with large holdings in a particular stock often have effective exit strategies to ensure they can sell their shares gradually and at the best available price. However, attempting to sell a single large block of shares can be problematic. For instance, if an investor has 100,000 shares to sell, it may be impractical to put them up for sale all at once, as it could take time for the market to absorb such a large transaction. When buying and selling stocks, market makers act as intermediaries who handle the majority of transactions between investors and the markets. Several market makers often trade in the same equity, competing with each other while setting their own bid and ask prices. This can result in a large number of different prices for the same stock. Although prices are set by the market makers, they wait until the volume of buying or selling moves prices. To determine how this will affect the share price, factors such as volume and the number of buyers versus sellers must be considered. A large share sell order may not all sell to one market maker, and it may not all happen in one transaction or at the same price. Although this is a complex topic, the short answer is that it can depend on several factors."}
{"333": "\n\nConsider reviewing Dave Ramsey's Baby Step plan for a comprehensive guide on how to improve your personal finance situation. All options available may not be ideal, but as others have suggested, changing your behavior is crucial to success. Numerous individuals, myself included, have found success through Dave's plan and you can too. When it comes to financing your son's education, explore alternative, more affordable options to avoid putting yourself at financial risk. Ultimately, your son is now an adult and should be part of the solution. By following the Baby Steps, it is crucial to have faith in your ability to rectify your financial woes. Though $30,000 may seem daunting, with dedication and focus, it is possible to overcome this obstacle. Best of luck."}
{"334": "\n\nThis forum is focused mainly on mutual funds and is an excellent resource: http://www.bogleheads.org/"}
{"335": "\n\nIf you opt not to itemize your deductions, the state tax refund you received will not be considered as income. Although you may not have received the 1099-G form, you can still determine the amount of refund you received and decide if you need to include it in your income for this year through the use of the worksheet found on page 23 of the instructions."}
{"336": "\n\nRevised: If you sell stocks at a loss, you can utilize those capital losses to balance out any capital gains from the sale of a rental property. However, if the property was your primary residence, capital gains will not be taxed. If the property served as both your residence and a rental property, the tax implications become more complex. Check out http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/ndvdls/tpcs/ncm-tx/rtrn/cmpltng/rprtng-ncm/lns101-170/127/rsdnc/menu-eng.html for more information."}
{"337": "It is assumed that 10% of the investment is in bonds since the individual stated the allocation to be 90% in stocks. For simplicity, it is assumed that the investment in stocks is in indexed mutual funds and ETFs rather than individual stocks. An allocation of 90% in stocks is considered aggressive as a potential loss of 40% or more can occur in case of a stock market crash. However, since the investment is for the long term, the risk can be tolerated if the investor has the emotional willpower to stick with it. However, investing some money in bonds can slightly reduce the expected return but also reduce the standard deviation and maximum annual loss. Investing in a 60/40 portfolio might be too conservative and not recommended in the current financial climate. The expected return is highest with a 100% allocation in stocks for a 20-year window, but as the time horizon narrows closer to retirement, being more conservative is advised as there is less time to recover from a stock market crash. Therefore, the individual needs to decide if their stated approach is reasonable based on their risk tolerance and time horizon."}
{"338": "\n\nBoth Investments and Essentials of Investments are undergraduate texts; however, Investments is significantly more intricate. Essentials of Investments simplifies the statistical and mathematical notation, which Investments does not. Additionally, Investments includes a comprehensive section of 4-5 chapters devoted to options, futures, and other derivatives, which is absent in Essentials of Investments. However, John Hull's seminal book on the subject titled \"Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives\" is recommended for further study. Despite this, neither book is advanced enough to be considered a proper graduate-level textbook for quantitative investment theory. Reliable graduate schools do not heavily rely on Investments within a specialized finance curriculum. However, it is an excellent resource to begin with."}
{"339": "\n\nA diversified portfolio, such as a 60% stocks / 40% bonds balanced fund, is more predictable and reliable than an all-stocks portfolio. The returns are perfectly adequate, and historically, the extra returns on a 100% stocks portfolio vs. 60% is 1.2% per year, according to https://personal.vanguard.com/us/insights/saving-investing/model-portfolio-allocations. However, to attain these average higher stock returns, one must think long-term, preferably 20-30 years. Over this time, panicked investments or early withdrawals may destroy higher returns. While some 10-year periods may show stocks going nowhere, a diversified portfolio may make significant money, capitalizing on price volatility through rebalancing. Predicting \"dry periods\" in stocks is somewhat possible, but not necessary when rebalancing a balanced portfolio. Rather than focusing on beating the market, matching it, or maximizing returns, the goal should be to have the highest chance of financing non-financial goals, such as retirement or buying a house. Predictability is more important than maximized returns since realistic investment returns can never compensate for a low savings rate. While projections are useful, they do not match the unpredictability of real life. Plans that rely on extra returns are not reasonable since one cannot count on them. Therefore, an all-stocks portfolio may introduce unnecessary stress and risk, making a diversified portfolio a better option."}
{"340": "\n\nChris, as the owner of your own company, you have the freedom to charge personal expenses to your business account. However, it is important to note that the IRS discourages mixing personal and business expenses. This could potentially convey to the IRS that you are not taking your business seriously, which may result in your business being classified as a hobby. The IRS defines deductible business expenses as being both ordinary and necessary, and expenses for activities like meditation are not considered ordinary or necessary expenses for S-corps. As a result, you cannot claim this expense as a deduction. For more information on deductible business expenses, please visit http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Deducting-Business-Expenses."}
{"341": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIf your clients paid you with a credit card, they should not send you a 1099-MISC. You can direct them to the instructions for the form 1099-MISC, which state that payments made with a credit card, payment card, or third-party network transactions must be reported on form 1099-K by the payment settlement entity under section 6050W. Sending you a 1099-MISC implies that they paid you directly with check or cash, in addition to the payment made via credit card, which may cause complications in case of an audit. It\u2019s advisable to request your clients to refrain from doing this, as it could result in significant expenses to fight IRS later. In any case, report the actual income you received, not what the 1099 says. If you receive two 1099s for the same income, there\u2019s no legal requirement to report it twice, and you don't have to pay double taxes due to your clients' mistake. However, when dealing with cash in your business, you may face difficulties explaining to the IRS. To avoid such situations, consider reporting all the 1099s, deducting the duplicates, and adding a statement explaining the details."}
{"342": "\n\nRevised: There are numerous property management companies available in India that can be easily found by conducting a Google search. These companies operate within legal boundaries and can be trusted to manage your properties efficiently. We encourage you to give them a try."}
{"343": "\n\nUpon reviewing https://www.gov.uk/student-finance/who-qualifies, it is stated that you can only submit an application if you fulfill all three requirements. If you meet these requirements, it seems that you are considered an English student in all aspects. To ensure eligibility, it is recommended to apply as soon as possible. Additionally, obtaining a British passport could prove beneficial and provide protection in the event of any complications arising from Brexit, especially considering the amount of time you have resided in the UK."}
{"344": "\n\nRevised: While it may be true that everyone has a price, there are more ethical and responsible ways to invest. Rather than manipulating the market by offering exorbitant prices for shares that are not for sale, consider researching and investing in companies with strong financial standings and ethics. It's not advisable to wait for someone to face financial difficulties in order to profit from their misfortune. Illiquid investments may offer opportunities, but proceed with caution and always prioritize ethical investment practices. Great companies often have better liquidity and financial stability, making them more sound investment options."}
{"345": "\n\nAccording to Soros in \"The Alchemy of Finance,\" exchange rate fluctuations are primarily influenced by speculation on the future value of currencies, which can set trends lasting for years. Even though the balance of trade is considered the fundamental reason for fluctuations, Soros believed it is not the most influential factor. As one of the most successful hedge fund managers ever, Soros actively used these points when managing his fund, as explained in the book. It is worth noting that Soros also thought foreign exchange markets are often \"wrong,\" a view shared by Warren Buffet and Jim Rogers regarding stock markets."}
{"346": "\n\nRevised: While asking for a specific service recommendation is not allowed, I believe it is appropriate to ask about the type of professional one needs. It is possible that you may require the assistance of more than one professional for your needs. To start your search, you could consider hiring a business law attorney and either a CPA or tax attorney. While each individual may have a unique approach, it is common to establish a professional relationship (i.e. contract, retainer agreement, or at least a meeting in case of emergencies) with these experts. You may try to limit your usage to control costs, but it is essential to have them in place before any issue arises. By knowing who you can contact and establishing a solid working relationship, you can be better prepared for any future scenarios."}
{"347": "Since you are not the victim of the crime, you are not eligible for the Casualty Loss (theft) deduction. Instead, you can report this as a Capital Loss, similar to the way Enron shareholders did on their 2001 tax returns. Your cost basis would be the initial amount you paid for the shares, and the final value is likely zero. You can claim a maximum capital loss of $3000, and any remaining loss can be carried over to following years. According to IRS publication 547, the decline in the market value of stock due to accounting fraud or other illegal behavior by the corporation's management cannot be deducted as a theft loss. However, if you sell or exchange the stock, or if the stock is entirely worthless, you can deduct your loss as a capital loss. Declare your capital loss using Schedule D (Form 1040). To learn more about stock sales, worthless stock, and capital losses, refer to chapter 4 of Pub. 550."}
{"348": "\n\nYes, there is a type of order called a \"Stop-Limit\" order that includes both stop and limit components, but I am not sure if it would suit your needs. If you are aiming to sell a stock when it falls to $1/share, a limit order at $3/share would be triggered, but I don't think this arrangement aligns with your intentions. Instead of combining them, it would be more beneficial to place two separate orders: a stop order to minimize losses and a limit order to sell. Combining them is unlikely to be effective."}
{"349": "\n\nI found this book to be quite good: It is a workbook, filled with numerous exercises."}
{"350": "\n\nThe first thing to consider is that acquiring an IPO is a challenging task, especially without substantial influence. Nevertheless, you might find this informative link useful as it provides some insight into IPO eligibility criteria (http://www.sec.gov/answers/ipoelig.htm). If you are willing to assume the associated risks and meet the requirements, you are free to purchase stocks of any type in the US as a foreigner. There are no prohibitive laws regarding investing or buying in the US stock market. Your primary step is to get an online trading account from an approved US brokerage. Once registered, you are free to buy any offered stocks."}
{"351": "\n\nIn most markets, including the United States, stock certificates can be updated to include beneficiary information. The process may vary depending on the type of account you have. For brokerage accounts, you can contact your broker for instructions on how to name beneficiaries to inherit your account. Once you have named your beneficiaries, the account will be listed in your name, followed by the beneficiary's name. For those who have physical possession of stock certificates or bonds, new certificates must be issued to reflect ownership in beneficiary form. If you need assistance with this process, you can ask your broker for help or contact the transfer agent for the stock. Typically, the transfer agent will require you to send in the certificates, a stock or bond power form (if applicable), and a letter explaining your intentions."}
{"352": "\n\nAside from tradition and inflation, merchants likely play a role in keeping penny currencies in use. In the United States, the cost of goods has increased significantly over the past 75 years, with items that once cost $0.10 now costing $2.00. While inflation drives prices up, it doesn't necessarily prompt us to change our currency system. In the case of rounding errors, you may assume that these small discrepancies only occur a couple of times a day. However, for merchants conducting numerous transactions daily, a few cents can significantly impact their profits. Over a lifetime, individuals may encounter millions of transactions, potentially losing out on significant amounts of money due to rounding. Additionally, the suggestion that someone is always willing to pay for a worker's time during rounding is unrealistic. While it's a good sign to have an income that allows for indifference toward cents, some businesses profit from rounding practices. For many, including myself, it's essential to be aware of who has access to our money, with the government being a prime example of an entity that requires precise payments. Even the friendliest bartender who served me my drink could potentially benefit from rounding practices."}
{"353": "\n\nA Section 1256 contract encompasses non-equity options, including debt options, commodity futures options, currency options, and broad-based stock index options. A broad-based stock index derives its value from a diverse collection of stocks or securities, such as those included in the Standard and Poor's 500 index. Section 1256 Contracts result in a capital gain or loss, with 60% of that gain or loss deemed to be long-term and 40% deemed to be short-term. Essentially, this means 60% of your gains receive more favorable tax treatment. While this rule may seem arbitrary given its broad application, it is a valuable incentive for those employing Section 1256 Contracts, and it is what Buffett is referencing."}
{"354": "\n\nYou have summarized the situation accurately. You may be able to depreciate your computer, claim software licenses as expenses, and write off your home office if you qualify. However, given your level of income, it is unlikely that these deductions will offset the costs of paying for additional SE tax (the employer portion of FICA taxes for W2 employees) and benefits (subsidized health insurance, bonuses, insurances, etc.). Furthermore, there are other expenses to consider, such as business licenses and liability insurance, which may seem small but still add up over time. Nonetheless, we wish you the best of luck in trying to earn $96K on ODesk."}
{"355": "\n\nRevised: Here are some recommendations to consider:\n\n1) It's important to have a significant emergency fund (3-6 months of after-tax living expenses) to avoid downside risk. Unexpected needs for cash, such as job loss, car breakdown, or spending time with a relative, can significantly hurt your finances if your money is tied up in investments. Consider keeping cash equivalents like money market or short-term CDs, before investing in anything else.\n\n2) Lagerbaer's suggestion to reinvest dividends in S&P 500 index funds for a risk-free return of 3.5% over the last 5 years could be a good option.\n\n3) Take advantage of employer matching funds, such as a 401(k) at work, whenever possible. A dollar-for-dollar match is a risk-free pre-tax 100% return.\n\n4) If your portfolio has a 2/3 equity allocation, it's important to understand that there is a possibility that your balance could fall by 15% or more in any given year and take several years to recover. If such a decline would spook you, consider lowering your equity weights and investing in high-quality bond funds.\n\n5) Investing in stocks that you don't need back for 10 years is always a good idea, however, if you only want to invest for 2-5 years, it's risky. If prices fall, you may not have time to recover before you need your money back. Consider a different investment approach if your goals are short-term.\n\n6) If you plan to purchase a primary residence, borrowing from an investment account may incur significant taxes and fees if you don't pay it back. Saving enough to avoid PMI is a good risk-free return on your money.\n\n7) In general, ETFs or index funds like Vanguard are good choices to minimize expenses over the long-term.\n\n8) Instead of trying to time the market, be an investor and share in the profits of the companies you invest in, rather than focusing on trying to sell shares at a higher price than you bought. Consistently beating the market is not realistic for most people, so don't try to cash out at the \"perfect\" time.\n\nLastly, prioritize building your emergency fund before investing in anything else. After that, start investing for retirement and then consider other goals. Avoid using investment accounts for emergency funds due to inefficiencies in fees, commissions, and taxes. Best of luck!"}
{"356": "\n\nWhat are the benefits of buying a share? The value of a financial asset is determined by its ability to generate future cash flows. Therefore, the value of a share is influenced by the dividends it pays and its equity value. The equity value can be calculated in different ways, such as \"book\" value (assets minus liabilities) or projecting the company's free cash flow discounted to the present time. Typically, voting rights do not affect share prices, except in hostile takeover scenarios where someone acquires a significant number of shares to gain more influence in company decisions."}
{"357": "\n\nThis abbreviated balance sheet indicates that the company has a negative equity due to the fact that its liabilities exceed the value of its assets. This presents a major challenge for the company's ability to acquire credit to settle any debts that they incur with you. In light of this, it is recommended that you request upfront cash payments instead of extending them credit. It is unnecessary to review their income statement to determine their financial standing as their negative equity status is indicative of their financial difficulties. Should the company's income statement display positive results, you may wait and observe how they manage their liabilities before extending credit."}
{"358": "\n\nThe variable rate loan involves transferring some of the risk from the bank to the borrower, and assuming risk can often come with rewards, much like deductibles in insurance. The key to evaluating the viability of such deals is whether the borrower can handle the highest possible payments. If a borrower can manage the worst-case scenario, then the variable rate loan is an excellent option. However, if a borrower is near their loan limit, sticking with the safe bet of a fixed rate is wise. For mortgages, evaluating the maximum payment and resulting debt-to-income ratio is a simple and reliable way to determine affordability. In the past, variable rate loans came with higher initiation costs compared to fixed rates, but given the current rate differences, choosing a variable rate loan is a no-brainer for some borrowers."}
{"359": "\n\nIf your APR is stated as a nominal rate compounded monthly, the APR equates to 108.6%. To arrive at this figure, we performed a calculation in Mathematica, setting the discounted future payments (p) equal to the present value (pv) of the loan and solving for the periodic interest rate (r). Further information on the calculation of effective interest rates can be found in this resource: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effective_interest_rate#Calculation."}
{"360": "\n\nAs JoeTaxpayer pointed out, you may be experiencing debit card holds and check clearing delays that are causing a hold on your funds. Even if the bank initially advised you of a one-day hold, that may actually refer to business days (Monday-Friday). This is because checks are not always immediately withdrawn from the sender's account, and the bank needs to verify that the money is being transferred before allowing access to the funds. If the check bounces, the bank may end up losing money, which is why they allow a smaller portion of the funds up front as a way to mitigate that risk. Typically, this amount varies among banks, but it is usually a small sum that the bank can afford to lose. For example, when I was first starting out, I typically had access to just $50 upfront. If you find that your bank frequently places holds on your funds, and you feel that this is inequitable, you might consider shopping around for a different bank. Many online banks offer more favorable policies around holds and access to deposited funds."}
{"361": "\n\nAlthough it is useful to know the software source, there are practical limitations to the IRS 1040EZ form that apply regardless of where you obtained it. This simplified tax form is not suitable for those who have passed a specific income threshold, as it only permits \"standard\" deduction and doesn't allow for itemization. When I first exceeded this income threshold, I was concerned that I had to pay thousands of dollars in taxes. However, changing to the 1040A (also known as the short form) and applying basic itemized deductions revealed that the IRS owed me a refund. I am uncertain of the income threshold for 2015 tax year, but as you approach $62k, the simplified form may not be the best choice. It may also seem that the free offering is only available for 1040EZ, based on information provided in other responses. This has historically been the case with other \"free\" software."}
{"362": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt is highly irregular and inaccurate to include a company's stock in its Long Term Investments on the balance sheet. This would create divergent feedback loops, resulting in financial documents and stock prices that do not accurately represent the company\u2019s financial condition. The notion that a stock price is mentioned in financial documents is incorrect. Instead, stock prices are reported by parties external to the company, such as brokers at the stock exchange, and are negotiated between buyers and sellers, with the latest sale reflecting the price. Financial documents are prepared and audited internally and externally by the company and are presented to the market. \n\nAlthough stock prices do not directly feature in financial documents, they are useful for stakeholders within the company. For instance, they can provide guidance on the amount of money that can be raised by issuing or buying back stock. Raising capital is vital for expanding the company or securing funds when debt options are not ideal. Similarly, buying back stock can help major shareholders gain control of the company."}
{"363": "\n\nI would recommend that you go through some forums where commodity topics are discussed. This way, if you have any issues related to any points in commodity investment, you can easily get your questions sorted out."}
{"364": "\n\nRevised: Certain financing options for 2 and 3 family houses require the owner to occupy the property. While renting out extra apartments is allowed, it's important to note that the \"owner-occupied\" clause is for tax purposes and using a small area like an office to comply with the requirement is not legal."}
{"365": "\n\nAs I moved my cursor over the trading volume label, a message appeared on the screen: \"Volume / Average Volume.\" This indicated that the displayed figure represented the number of shares traded during the most recent trading day, while the average volume was calculated over a period of 30 days."}
{"366": "\n\nExcel offers two functions that are relevant to your question; a CD with an APR and a savings account that mentions both APR and APY. To make a comparison, it's recommended to convert both to APY. Based on the numbers given in your question, the savings account (2.27 APY) will yield higher returns than the CD (1.56%) once the math is done. However, there are other factors to consider. For this particular case, the savings account is likely to return a larger amount if the conditions remain constant. The CD's interest rate is guaranteed, but the savings account's rate could change every business day, either going up or down. If you anticipate the savings account rate to be consistently higher than the CD, locking yourself into the CD may not be the best option. However, if you expect the savings rate to decrease, then the CD option may be more suitable for you; do keep in mind that there are penalties for early withdrawal of a CD."}
{"367": "\n\nAs a co-signer on his car loan, you do not have ownership unless the car is titled in both names. There are a few options available to you, but buying the car from him is not the best one. If you choose to purchase the car, you will need to arrange your own financing, either by taking over his loan or obtaining a loan of your own. The bank can assist in transferring the title to your name, and they will hold the title as long as the loan is not fully paid.\n\nThe best advice is to sell the car for the remaining balance on the loan, and then use the proceeds to purchase a reliable, used car outright, without the need for financing. If feasible, consider alternate methods of transportation, such as walking, biking, or public transit, to save thousands of dollars each year. This money can help you achieve financial independence sooner.\n\nIt's worth doing some research on this topic. In the US, we tend to view owning a car as a necessity, but this is not always the case. In fact, it's true less than half the time. Even if you cannot or prefer not to live within walking or biking distance of work, you can still save money by driving a fuel-efficient vehicle and avoiding financing. Consider whether you would be willing to give up your current, expensive car in exchange for retiring years earlier, possibly up to ten years earlier."}
{"368": "\n\nI believe \"Psychological Pricing\" could be relevant to your inquiry. It involves retailers strategically setting prices that appeal to consumers, often by utilizing specific numbers. Just like with stocks, and in your case, bitcoin, price alone can impact consumer behavior and appeal based on psychological factors."}
{"369": "\n\nBanks do in fact issue their own form of currency known as checkbook money, which is not physically embodied as paper currency. In the US, this currency is backed by a ratio of $3 per every $100 promised, a practice known as \"fractional reserve banking.\""}
{"370": "\n\nDisclaimer: Although I work in life insurance, I am not an agent. In order to give an accurate answer regarding life insurance, more information is required. Critical considerations include the policy values and the terms and conditions of the contract. For instance, people tend to discuss market projections, such as an annual compounded rate of growth of 7-8%; however, historical stock market returns differ from these projections. On the other hand, life insurance policies provide a guaranteed return (as shown in the \"Guaranteed\" section of the life insurance illustration), which accrues as long as premiums are paid. Additionally, insurance providers also show \"Non-Guaranteed\" elements (based on a scale at a specific time period) that depict how cash value might grow when dividends are credited to a policy. It's important to note that life insurance policies often have preferential tax treatment, making them attractive to beneficiaries. Also, death benefits are tax-free for beneficiaries, and the strategy behind a policy will impact the decision to transfer or accrue wealth. Therefore, it's not possible to provide an answer without more information. However, it's concerning that some people label whole life insurance as a scam without sufficient consideration. Depending on the age and purpose, whole life insurance policies can provide viable options. In general, those looking to accrue wealth should opt for investments in the market and consider term life insurance for a death benefit component. Yet, for a 25-year-old with specific purposes, whole life insurance might be a good option."}
{"371": "\n\nConsider multi-manager ETFs as they invest in a diversified portfolio of funds to optimize returns. However, it is essential to note that these funds incur fees twice, once to the fund itself and once to each of the funds in the basket. Due to the relatively low fees associated with ETFs, actively managing them may not be profitable, and thus, such ETFs are not readily available. It is crucial to understand that past performance may not guarantee future success, and the fees incurred may diminish the returns. Therefore, multi-manager ETFs primarily benefit investors looking to diversify their risk across multiple managers. For more information, please refer to http://www.etfstrategy.co.uk/advisorshares-sets-date-for-multi-manager-etf-with-charitable-twist-give-53126/ However, this example is not a guarantee of outperformance."}
{"372": "\n\nAs previously mentioned, it is not necessary to have an active account with a credit union to apply for their credit card. However, having a significant amount of capital and account activity with a CU can improve the likelihood of receiving a higher credit line when applying. If the card will be used infrequently, this may not be a concern. For those looking to maximize card benefits, cards with large sign-up bonuses, such as the Chase Sapphire or Ink Bold for those with a business, should be considered. These cards offer rewards such as $1000 in travel services or $500 in cash back. Alternatively, a cashback card like the Amex Fidelity can be selected, offering 2% cash back with no annual fee. For personal use, the Penfed card can be chosen specifically for gas purchases, while the Charles Schwab bank account can be used for free, worldwide ATM withdrawals with fee reimbursements. Applying for credit can be easy if your credit score is in good condition. To make the most out of credit card bonus categories, consider reading this article for ideas. Remember that using a credit card instead of cash can provide an array of benefits in addition to points and cashback rewards."}
{"373": "\n\nConsider implementing John Bogle's easy approach, as he is a highly respected founder of Vanguard. Build two portfolios, each consisting of one index fund. Allocate your age percentage to the Fixed Income index fund, and the remainder (1-age)% to the stock index fund. Attractive options include the Total Market Index Fund (VTSMX) and the Total Bond Market Index (VBMFX). You may opt for a slightly more adventurous approach by blending (1-age-10)% with the Total Market Index Fund and reserving a fixed 10% for the Total International Stock Index (VGTSX). With these strategies in place, you can enjoy sound sleep for much of your lifetime."}
{"374": "\n\nThe put option will soon expire and you will need to buy a new one. My suggestion would be to increase the number of sold calls to balance out the delta between the short call and equity holding. This will ensure a more stable portfolio."}
{"375": "\n\nRevised: Economic indicators, such as rising interest rates, are commonplace in all economic and business cycles. However, a more reliable strategy is to observe price trends. An uptrend is evidenced by successive higher lows and higher highs, while a downtrend is characterized by lower lows and lower highs. For long-term investments, examining weekly or even monthly charts spanning 10, 15 or 20 years can be beneficial. Using the S&P500 as an example, if prices continue to trend upwards, stay invested. A lower high than the previous high serves as a warning sign of a potential end to the uptrend but is not conclusive. If prices follow this with higher lows and higher highs, the trend is unaffected. A lower low after the lower high indicates the uptrend is over, prompting an exit from the market. If a lower low follows a higher high, it is advisable to wait for confirmation that the uptrend is over with a lower high. If individual shares are invested in, monitoring both the market and individual share charts is advisable, with exit points planned if their trends are broken. Employing stop losses can be beneficial in managing individual share risk if the trend reverses on the index. Buying back into the market when the downtrend breaks and prices indicate higher highs and higher lows is advisable. While uptrends may reverse and start trending up again after a short period, it is better to pay extra brokerage and some capital gains tax than to have portfolios drop over 50%, taking five or more years to recover. It is crucial for investors to conserve and protect capital, and profits, in the long run. Paying tax is a sign of making profits, making it a good thing. Avoiding tax, on the other hand, means foregoing profits in the future."}
{"376": "\n\nInterest rates are primarily determined by individuals' time preference for money and the things money can buy. People with a high time preference value immediate access to cash over money promised in the future. Therefore, they only lend money if they are offered an incentive, represented by the interest rate that is higher than the amount of money lent. Various factors determine an individual's time preference, such as the borrower's credit rating, loan length, their demand for cash, and their expectation of currency value changes.\n\nIn general, a lender's first loan has a lower interest rate than their last, assuming all factors are constant. The decline in cash supply with each loan increases the remaining cash's value and raises the interest rate required to make additional loans.\n\nThe Federal Reserve (Fed) impacts interest rates in two ways. Firstly, by printing new money used to purchase government bonds, thus keeping demand for these bonds high and subsequently, lowering their yield. Secondly, the Fed can provide cartel member banks with an unlimited amount of funds at the Federal Funds rate, allowing the bank to make loans at higher rates and pocket the difference. However, other bond holders such as foreign governments and pension funds can demand higher rates, which will affect the Fed's control over interest rates. If the Fed tries to keep rates low, it may lead to people dumping dollars as they realize the Fed is printing money for the government. In conclusion, although the Fed plays a significant role in interest rate determination, it is not the only market participant, and various factors influence it."}
{"377": "\n\nRevised: Simply having an EIN does not automatically classify an LLC as a corporation. In fact, an EIN is necessary for other purposes, such as establishing an Individual 401(k), even if your business operates as a sole proprietorship. It is possible to maintain your LLC status and still receive sole proprietorship tax treatment while having a 401(k). However, to elect S Corporation status, you must file a Form 2553 with the IRS. Without this election, your LLC would remain categorized as disregarded. Deciding whether or not to make this election is a separate matter entirely."}
{"378": "\n\nHere are some ideas:"}
{"379": "\n\nIt is recommended that you seek advice from a tax expert regarding your situation. In your updated inquiry, you mentioned that you plan to rent the property at a discounted rate to your wife's grandmother in the short term. However, please note that if you are renting out a property that you also use for personal purposes, you may not be able to deduct all expenses for the rental part as per Schedule E guidelines. The term \"dwelling unit\" refers to a house, apartment, condominium or similarly categorized property. On line 1a, you will need to report the number of days the property was rented at a fair rental value, along with the number of days of personal use. A day of personal use refers to any day, or part of a day, when the unit was used by individuals. It is currently unclear how this would work for Schedule C."}
{"380": "\n\nI believe confirmation bias may be influencing the perspective presented here. When speaking with someone who has successfully launched a profitable business, they may suggest that the process is straightforward by describing the steps they took to achieve their success. However, this viewpoint overlooks the countless entrepreneurs who have followed the same path but have yet to break even, earn substantially less, or have gone bankrupt and moved on. It is unlikely that you will hear about these individuals, as books or articles detailing failed start-up attempts typically sell poorly when compared to accounts of success. Therefore, the notion of an easy way to launch a business is unlikely, as there would be significantly more millionaires. Nevertheless, this does not mean that one should not attempt to launch a business. The success rate for launching ventures, while not 100%, is greater than the rate of not trying anything at all. One must consider what suits their abilities and personality best, be it frugality, risk-taking, inventiveness, or otherwise, and hope for as much luck as those who claim the process is easy."}
{"381": "\n\nRevised: In short, there are no financial benefits to using a local currency for personal gain, although some small discounts on local sales might be available. The main appeal of local currencies is for small businesses and communities. They are legal and becoming more popular in many regions, as they encourage local exchange of goods and services, and can engender a sense of community investment. However, local currencies should not be viewed as investments since they lack the same financial security as traditional currencies. Some local currencies could also be subject to debate about their legitimacy. In conclusion, while there are no direct financial advantages for the individual user, local currencies offer social and economic benefits that can improve the overall wellbeing of the community - this may be seen as a form of personal gain for those involved."}
{"382": "\n\nRevised: Rural Scotland may have the same monetary system, but it does not possess the same bubble as London. Monaco, the other example, does not have its own monetary system and employs the Euro instead. The common denominator between these locations is high demand and limited real estate. Turning to personal finance, housing bubbles may burst, leading to sudden drops of around 30% in housing prices, which can pose a financial risk for sellers. However, the underlying factor responsible for keeping London's prices higher than average is not disappearing. Long-term risks are often manageable, and a 30% reduction is not significant if you own the property for 30 years."}
{"383": "\n\nI highly recommend subscribing to Morning Brew. They offer a complimentary daily newsletter featuring the latest financial news stories and earnings events. In the past, I've subscribed to both the Wall Street Journal and Financial Times, but Morning Brew manages to cover all the same noteworthy headlines found on those sites."}
{"384": "\n\nRevised: This security loophole poses a significant risk, and unfortunately, many banks are not willing to refund individuals who fall victim to scams. For instance, some Wells Fargo branches require business account holders to report any check withdrawal within 24 hours; otherwise, they will face the consequences. This illustrates the lack of concern that banks have for their clients. They operate as a monopoly, leaving individuals with limited alternatives. While electronic transfers similar to the European system may eventually be implemented, banks are hesitant to incur the expenses associated with this. While Paypal represents another expensive monopoly option, I recommend exploring better alternatives like Dwolla or Bitcoin."}
{"385": "\n\nRather than debating which institution is better, which is subjective, it is more important to understand their differences. Edward Jones is a full-service wealth manager that provides personalized meetings to provide retirement and savings account recommendations and evaluate risk preferences. They can also help with college planning and insurance advice but come at a cost - a fixed percentage of managed wealth and mutual fund fees. In contrast, Betterment is a robo-advisor that uses algorithms and web pages to provide financial advice, likely at a lower cost than Edward Jones. They focus on cheaper funds like index funds and ETFs. Vanguard, on the other hand, is a discount broker and mutual fund family. They offer some assistance and advice, but do not charge fees and are not in the business of providing personalized advice. If you are willing to learn a bit of finance and manage your own affairs, Vanguard (or a competitor like Fidelity) will likely result in the most wealth generated. Your choice depends on your preferences and abilities. If you don't mind paying for a personal touch and don't want to learn about personal finance, Edward Jones may be a good choice. But for most people comfortable with online assistance and interested in learning about finance, Betterment or Vanguard are better options."}
{"386": "\n\n\nIt appears that your father obtained a loan and you are currently responsible for making the payments. If your name and social security number were not used to secure the loan, then you will not receive credit for the payments you are making. This means that it should not have an impact on your credit score. However, if you are listed as a secondary borrower, it could potentially have a negative impact on your credit. It is likely that your father is the primary borrower, so it would be best to discuss the situation with him before taking any further action. If there was a mistake made, both of you will need to work with the bank to get it corrected. Please note that the bank may not be able to change the loan without your father's explicit permission. If the loan is for a vehicle, it is likely that your father's name is also on the title. Depending on your state's laws, the primary signatory on a vehicle loan may also have to be the primary owner on the title. If this is the case, then you may need to transfer the title to your name in order to refinance the loan."}
{"387": "\n\nRevised: Is this legal? If the intention behind the sale at such a price is to deceive or defraud others, it could potentially result in legal complications. For instance, if the aim is to appear financially disadvantaged to qualify for government assistance, gain an advantage in obtaining a college grant, or avoid paying spousal support in a divorce settlement. Additionally, if there is an implicit agreement for your sibling to repurchase the house from you in the future when you no longer need to maintain the facade of poverty, it could also raise legal issues. It's worth noting that while @littleadv's response addresses tax implications, the sale cannot be a short sale since it requires the bank's approval, and in this case, the sibling isn't an impartial third-party."}
{"388": "\n\nUnsecured loans are a type of loan in which no collateral has been offered as security. Even if you default on your payments, the bank cannot seize your property or vehicle. These loans are also known as \"signature loans\" since your signature on the loan agreement is the only thing required. Unsecured loans come in different forms."}
{"389": "\n\nDepending on the state, sales tax should be charged when shipping to a freight forwarder in Texas. However, after obtaining the bill of lading, the vendor can credit the tax. This document is one of five accepted by the state as an exemption for sales tax on exports. Information about these exemptions can be found on the Comptroller's website. It's important to confirm that the tax being charged is sales/use tax and not withholding tax, which is typically related to the exporter's country. The documentation requirements for export vary by state."}
{"390": "\n\nOver the past three months, Google Finance and Yahoo Finance have been transitioning their data interface, resulting in their current unreliability. For those solely interested in historical price data, my recommendation would be to use either Quandl or Tiingo as reliable data sources. Both offer identical historical data, including open, close, high, low, dividends, and others, for thousands of ticker symbols on a daily closing basis, and require registration and a unique token to access their services. There is no charge for basic historical data. As someone who has utilized both sources for several months, I can attest to their excellent data quality and straightforward API, especially in python software development. For those curious about the situation with Google and Yahoo Finance, the pandas-datareader group provides detailed information at https://github.com/pydata/pandas-datareader."}
{"391": "\n\nRevised: Your equity is a valuable asset. While it may be inaccessible until you sell or utilize it as collateral for a loan, it is not dead money. In fact, it is a relatively illiquid asset that has the potential to grow (albeit slowly, at the rate of inflation or slightly above, in the long run) and provides you with the benefit of free rent in the form of an annual dividend. In our country, many people have a disproportionately large portion of their net worth tied up in their homes, which is reflective of poor saving habits more than anything else. In my case, having a substantial amount of equity enables me to sell my current property and downsize to a smaller, less expensive home with cash. Being older, my primary objective (along with my spouse) is to pay off the house and fully fund our child's college education before retiring. For others, having a substantial amount of equity can provide them with the means to rent after retirement. Ultimately, there is no magic involved, and opinions on the matter may vary."}
{"392": "\n\nFrom a business perspective, it is important to record entries accurately. It is important to note that the view of the owner and the view of the business differ. When the owner invests capital into the business, it is expected to be repaid in the future. Therefore, capital is always recorded as a credit. When considering the role of banks in business, cash, bank accounts, and FDs can all be beneficial assets. In terms of accounting, a bank account is considered a current asset and falls under the category of Real accounts. Debits represent what enters the business while credits represent what exits it. The distinction between debit and credit depends on the account type. For example, liabilities are typically recorded as credits while assets and receivables are recorded as debits."}
{"393": "\n\nThere are several types of mortgage insurance (MI) to choose from, including Borrower-Paid Monthly (the most common), Borrower-Paid Single Premium (which may have QM issues), Lender-Paid Single Premium, and Split Up-Front and Monthly. To determine which option will cost you less in the long run, estimate how long you plan to keep the mortgage and compare the costs of each option over that time. Adding a single-premium to your loan is unlikely to happen outside of FHA/VA, as it could raise your financing to 90%+ and change your pricing bracket or disqualify you altogether. Instead, premium pricing is often used to pay the up-front premium. This means taking a lender credit for an elevated interest rate, which is the opposite of paying points to lower the rate. For example, if a zero-point rate is 4.25% and monthly MI is 0.8%, the effective rate would be 5.05%. But by using premium pricing at an elevated rate of 4.75% to pay your MI up front, your new effective rate would be the note rate of 4.75%, potentially saving you money. However, keep in mind that the higher rate will be in effect for the life of the loan. Knowing your estimated length of financing is critical to making the best choice."}
{"394": "\n\nRevised: Investing in the stock market requires caution and knowledge. While the Dow has shown a 7% annual gain since 1915 when adjusted for inflation, caution is necessary due to market fluctuations. Between 1966 and 1982, the Dow lost 73% of its inflation-adjusted value, resulting in a 4.5% annual loss for 16 years. It is important to remember that past performance does not guarantee future results. Although similar market trends may occur over the next 60 years, there is no guarantee that stocks will increase in value when needed. Funds also require management fees, resulting in losses that offset potential gains. Rather than blindly investing, it is important to evaluate companies and assess their potential for growth based on probability. Rather than gambling, safe investments such as treasury bonds, although with lower returns, may provide investors with peace of mind."}
{"395": "\n\nInvesting in only two securities is generally not recommended in order to diversify risk. While the VTI provides exposure to a large number of securities, its goal of reducing portfolio beta to zero is not entirely achieved, as its current beta is 1.03 as of today's closing in New York. This means that VTI moves in near-perfect correlation with \"the market,\" usually benchmarked against the S&P 500, making it slightly more volatile than that index. A beta of 0 would be achieved by investing in T-bills, which are generally considered a risk-free rate. Thus, it is possible to reduce portfolio risk and implement a more capital-protective strategy. I hope this information is helpful."}
{"396": "\n\nIf you have multiple assets available along with a risk-free asset, blending them is the best course of action, assuming you have a reasonable objective. However, in your case, you seem to have limited yourself to a 100% investment, coupled with only considering two assets. This could result in a portfolio where only one asset is chosen, especially if you view one as dominating the other. Although diversification generally benefits a portfolio, this may not be the case for you, given that both funds are already highly diversified. Choosing more than one fund merely adds cross-border diversification, which may explain your results. While portfolio theory can guide your intuition, the accuracy of your expected return vector and covariance matrix is critical. These inputs significantly impact portfolio results, so many investors rely on their instincts rather than resorting to mathematical models. More sophisticated models are often unnecessary as they do not necessarily generate a more reasonable outcome. Therefore, your initial strategy of an 80-20 split sounds reasonable. You might want to diversify outside of equities, but you likely have valid reasons for not doing so."}
{"397": "\n\nThe optimal solution I have found is MoneyWiz, as it allows both parties to be logged into a shared sync account."}
{"398": "\n\nAgree with mhoran_psprep. I'm not certain of your inquiry, but let me break down how banks acquire and distribute their funds. When a bank opens, the founders usually seek investors, offering personal connections or stock to raise the initial capital. Depositors contribute most of the money to the bank. Essentially, banks take funds from depositors and provide loans to borrowers. Besides this, banks borrow money from other banks or the government. They charge borrowers interest and pay depositors interest on their accounts. The difference between these rates is where banks generate their profit. \n\nConcerning repayment, some of the money goes towards paying depositors' interests, while some cover bank expenses like salaries, maintenance, and other overhead costs. The remainder goes as profit to the bank owners or stockholders. If you seem to be paying more than you borrowed, this is because banks lend money for long repayment periods, like 20-30 years, and earn only around 4-5% interest annually in the United States. I'm unsure of the rates elsewhere."}
{"399": "\n\nNote: Although I believe that the above interpretation is reasonable, I cannot assume legal responsibility for it as I am not a lawyer. If you require expert advice, please seek a professional opinion through the appropriate channels."}
{"400": "\n\nConsider if you truly require a new car before making a purchase. Seek opinions from automotive discussions, particularly regarding the benefits of all-wheel-drive. Keep in mind that most people in the Northeast do not drive all-wheel-drive vehicles and all cars have all-wheel brakes. All-wheel drive primarily aids in getting the car moving from a stop if one of the drive wheels would otherwise be slipping but makes less of a difference during actual driving. Traction control braking is more crucial and is commonly included in vehicles, such as in a Camry. Good tires, particularly top-of-the-line all-season tires or snow tires, can make a significant difference in driving in winter conditions. Buying a set of tires, along with rims if necessary, is considerably cheaper than purchasing a new car. Ultimately, safe driving in snowy conditions requires careful practice, such as avoiding sudden starts, stops, or turns, limiting arcade-like driving and practicing handling skids. Waiting until roads have been plowed and salted is recommended if uncertain about driving conditions. Teenagers can learn to drive in these conditions, which indicates it is possible for anyone to do so. Consider if a new car is truly necessary before making any purchases."}
{"401": "\n\nYes, it is possible to renegotiate for better terms even if there is an option for lease renewal. It is recommended to negotiate the rent and start the conversation as early as possible. If feasible, offer to pay three months' rent in advance."}
{"402": "\n\nI am surprised that no one has noticed that student loans are an exception to the standard rules of borrowing. Student loans are currently subject to inflation but have the benefit of being paid back as a percentage of earnings over \u00a315k (11% on any excess amount), and repayment is not required if one loses their job. Additionally, student loans do not negatively impact one's credit but will be taken into consideration when applying for new credit. My advice differs from the previous information - if you own shares that have lost more than 10% of their value and do not show signs of recovery, it might be wise to sell them to pay off debts. The decision to sell the remaining shares should be based on whether they are earning more than 10% per year or if dividends can cover the loan repayments. Ultimately, the decision is yours to make."}
{"403": "\n\nSeveral brokerages provide an option for automatic dividend reinvestment. However, it is rare for these dividends to amount to a whole share. Thus, if you have enrolled in automatic dividend reinvestment, most brokerages will reinvest your dividends and allocate a fractional share to you. I am unsure about the voting rights associated with these shares but can confirm that the worth of these partial holdings fluctuates with the stock price as if they were legitimate shares."}
{"404": "\n\nThis occurrence happens to me at times, and its extent varies on the level of liquidity in the option. Typically, I observe the order books adapting to my order, which leads me to believe that the order book primarily comprises of market makers. Upon spotting a retail investor like myself entering the transaction realm, the market makers withdraw their interest from the illiquid option, leading other traders to execute their market orders. Consequently, this allows me to proceed with my transaction as I momentarily become a market maker. In highly liquid options, purchase limits at the bid face difficulty as the market makers work the spread. However, with insignificant orders of one or two contracts on highly liquid options, I have often received quick fills in the middle of the spread. I attribute this to market makers rebalancing their stocks inexpensively. Though at times, I ponder if there are other traders like me out there, who cannot bear to witness a lopsided book. I have not noticed this occurrence happening more with puts or calls, or with buy vs sell transactions. Initially, I suspected that this happened with strikes where IV was dissimilar to IV of other strikes, but I never took the time to investigate as it did not have a significant impact on my overall P/L."}
{"405": "\n\nIt appears that the company you mentioned did not report as expected, but this is not unusual for OTC companies. As Milo mentioned, they are often poorly managed. However, reports on EDGAR are available as soon as they are posted, and there is no lag between when the company uploads their report and when it is available on the site.\n\nI am curious why you are interested in a company with a history of negative earnings, a share price close to zero, and inconsistent financial reporting. Without purchasing a large number of shares, it would be challenging to make a profit, and trading fees may exceed returns.\n\nFurthermore, alternative energy companies are out of vogue in a world with cheap oil prices, and this company's financials reflect this trend. The company's spending for R&D is almost 17 times earnings, losses are deepening, and revenues do not show improvement. The company is in dire financial straits, and a revival is unlikely.\n\nTherefore, it would be wise to consider other options to invest your money into as this particular company is unprofitable. Good luck!"}
{"406": "\n\nI have never had a lender inquire about my budget; rather, they usually request information regarding my income, savings, credit rating, and collateral value, which is considered adequate for estimating risk for most standard loans. While the lender may seek proof of income through documentation from my employer or tax returns, they do not concern themselves with my personal spending habits. The primary concern is ensuring that I have the means to make timely payments throughout the life of the loan."}
{"407": "There are many factors that can impact the pricing of gasoline. One of the primary factors is the brand name. Major brand gas typically costs more than discount brand gas, as major brands often have proprietary detergents and cleaning agents, stricter requirements for tank maintenance, and lower ethanol content. It's important to note that all gasolines are not created equal, despite the common misconception that they are. To save on costs, some people may opt for the cheaper gas, but this can lead to engine damage and other issues.\n\nMarket price is another factor that can significantly impact gas pricing. Gas prices at the pump tend to rise quickly when the market price of crude or gasoline goes up, and then fall more slowly than the market price due to the slim margins on gas sales. Gas stations may increase prices to match market prices, but gradually lower them over time to mitigate losses.\n\nOverhead costs, such as land and property taxes, can also affect gas prices. Nicer, newer stations tend to have higher operating costs, which can result in higher gas prices. State and federal taxes on gasoline can also play a role in pricing, with some states having higher gas taxes than others.\n\nProximity to other gas stations can also influence pricing. Gas stations may need to stay within a penny of their competitors' prices to remain competitive. Predatory pricing, which is taking a loss on sales in one area to drive out competition, is technically illegal but can still be seen in the C-store industry.\n\nPopulation distribution is another factor that can impact gas pricing. In areas with high population densities, there is greater competition for customer dollars, which can result in higher prices. Conversely, in rural areas with few gas stations, prices may be more competitive, but prices can still be high due to limited options and transportation costs.\n\nTransportation costs can also impact gas prices, with the bulk of the U.S. refinery capacity located along the Gulf Coast. As a result, gas prices tend to be higher on the East and West Coasts, as it costs more to transport fuel from the Gulf states to these areas. Tanker imports from foreign sources can sometimes be cheaper than transporting gas via limited pipelines."}
{"408": "\n\nMany states have a straightforward approach for calculating income tax for nonresidents. If you have earned $X income in State A and claim nonresident status, and you have earned a total of $Y income, then you owe State A a proportion (X/Y) of the income tax that would have been due on $Y income if you were a resident of State A. In other words, calculate the state income tax on $Y under State A rules and remit (X/Y) of that amount to State A. If you are a State B resident, State B will tax you on $Y but provide some credit for taxes paid to State A. Hence, you may be required to file a State A income tax return regardless of how insignificant $X is.\n\nIn practice, several commercial real estate investments are established as limited partnerships in which the bulk of the yearly taxable income is portfolio interest income (reported on Schedule B of Form 1040), and passive losses are reported on the Federal return by limited partners (but not deducted). Consequently, State A is unlikely to pursue payment of taxes on, say, $100 of interest income annually because it is more expensive than what it can recover from you. However, when the property is sold, there could be a considerable capital gain, most of which will be exempt from federal taxes because passive losses are ultimately included as deductions. At that moment, State A will be owed substantial sums (not considering passive losses), and it may require you to file income tax returns for previous years after processing the income tax return for that year."}
{"409": "\n\nRevised: \nIn short, it is recommended that the length of time invested and risk should be correlated, which seems to be a good strategy for your age. However, as you approach retirement in 20 years, it may be wise to divide your savings into two lumps with different risk levels. For instance, one lump of money for ages 55-70 with lower risk, and another for when you reach age 80. This will allow you to wait until age 70 to receive the maximum monthly Social Security benefits. Additionally, it is advisable to have funds readily available for the next five years in items with extremely low risk, while allocating some risk tolerance in funds needed six years or more out. Nonetheless, it is crucial to acknowledge that the best-laid plans may not pan out as expected."}
{"410": "In order to understand the answer, we must first comprehend the concept of Goodwill. As an intangible asset on a company's balance sheet, Goodwill represents the extra value provided by a strong brand name, good customer and employee relations, as well as any patents or proprietary technology. An article from The Economist aptly explains this and even cites Time Warner as an example. When one company acquires another, the acquired company's Goodwill- or the premium paid over its book value- is added to the combined entity's balance sheet. According to Goldman Sachs analysts, the total value of Goodwill and other intangibles on the books of companies in the S&P 500 amounts to $2.6 trillion, which represents 10% of their total assets. As the economy worsens, and more firms trade below or towards book value, asset values that were previously marked up may now be adjusted. Time Warner is faced with a $25 billion Goodwill charge, which is expected to result in an operating loss for 2008. Michael Moran of Goldman Sachs predicts that such hits could amount to $200 billion or more over the cycle. As write-downs become more prevalent, investors may become more wary of industries with a high ratio of Goodwill to assets, such as healthcare, consumer goods, and telecommunications. The impact of these write-downs on companies depends on the accountants. Prior to 2002, American firms were permitted to amortize Goodwill over many years, but an accounting-rule change ended that practice. Nowadays, Goodwill must be tested annually for impairment. During this turbulent time, with auditors working to avoid being seen as lenient, companies are being urged to mark down assets if there are any doubts about their worth. Although write-downs do not affect cashflow since they are non-cash items, they do reduce overall book values and increase leverage ratios. This could be a significant concern given current debt-averse times. The larger companies are better equipped to survive such setbacks, as evidenced by the $99 billion loss that AOL Time Warner recorded in 2002. Investors may choose to take Goodwill write-offs with a grain of salt, preferring to look beyond these non-recurring costs and rely instead on higher \"normalised\" earnings figures, which managers understandably focus on."}
{"411": "\n\nBased on the information you provided, it appears that your spouse is a non-resident alien for US tax purposes. You have two options: First, you can elect to treat your nonresident spouse as a resident for tax purposes and file a joint tax return. However, since your spouse does not currently have and is not eligible for a Social Security Number (SSN), they will need to apply for an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) when filing their tax return. It is essential to note that by electing to become a resident alien, your spouse's worldwide income for the entire year will be subject to US taxes and reported on your tax return. However, your spouse may be able to exclude up to $100,000 of their foreign earned income using the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion since they have been out of the US for 330 days in the past 12 months. Alternatively, you can file separately and indicate \"NRA\" for your spouse's SSN on your tax return. As a nonresident alien without any US income, your spouse is not required to file a tax return and does not need to apply for an ITIN. Ultimately, you will need to determine which option is best for your unique situation."}
{"412": "\n\nMy top priority is having a strategy when speculating. While it may be assumed, I find it helpful to understand what is driving buy and sell signals. I prefer to follow a strategy rather than starting from scratch and struggling to make sense of it. Generally, there are two types of analysis to consider: Fundamental Analysis and Technical Analysis. Fundamental analysis involves analyzing financial statements, management, competitors, and markets. When applied to futures and forex, it focuses on the economy, interest rates, production, earnings, and management. Technical analysis, on the other hand, uses past market data to forecast future prices, and is a method of active management. Both technical and fundamental analyses are disputed by the efficient-market hypothesis, which postulates that stock market prices are unpredictable. To avoid losing money aimlessly, different types of trading strategies exist, such as day trading, trend following, and market making. Before investing, research which strategy you want to use. I do not recommend using a \"make it up as we go along\" approach. It is best to have a strategy in place before investing real money. Though numerous columnists and newsletter peddlers offer advice, having a strategy is key."}
{"413": "\n\nIf an individual is seeking a loan from a bank, the FDIC and HUD guidelines for equal opportunity credit must be followed. Moreover, banks that offer mortgages are required to adhere to equal housing guidelines. According to the fine print area on the Lending Club website, loans are issued by WebBank, a Utah-chartered industrial bank located in Salt Lake City, Utah that is FDIC-insured and an Equal Housing Lender. Investors are not permitted to invest directly in loans, but they can purchase Member Dependent Notes from Lending Club. However, borrowers in IA and ID are not eligible for loans, and individual borrowers must be a US citizen or permanent resident who is at least 18 years old and has a valid bank account and social security number/FEIN. All loans are subject to credit review and approval, and the interest rate is based on credit score, loan amount, loan term, credit usage, and history. LendingClub notes are issued in accordance with a Prospectus filed with the SEC. Investors must review the risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus related to their potential investment in the notes. Currently, only residents of the following states are eligible to invest in Lending Club notes: AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MN, MO, MS, MT, NE, NH, NV, NY, OK, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV or WY. Lending Club's mailing address is 71 Stevenson, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105."}
{"414": "\n\nTypically, these matters are not connected. Your tax debt is owed to agency X, and your license is primarily issued by agency Y. However, if your business involves agency X, this may present an issue. For example, an unsettled tax debt or non-compliance issue can prevent you from obtaining an EA license (IRS Enrolled Agent). It is advisable to investigate whether similar dependencies exist with Michigan state licensing organizations. Additionally, certain background checks may fail, and some state licenses mandate that they be cleared. For example, an unsettled tax debt may disqualify you from obtaining an active bar registration or CPA license. Similarly, becoming a Notary Public or holding a similar position may prove problematic. Lastly, working in law enforcement as an independent contractor may be prohibited. Nevertheless, if you are on an approved payment plan, your tax debt should not be a concern, provided that you adhere to the payment schedule."}
{"415": "\n\nAs your case is specific, please seek advice from a CA. It shouldn't be too costly and will make things easier. The sale of agricultural land is subject to certain tax conditions, which can be exempt in some cases. Capital gains tax is applicable to the sale of agricultural land, but there are exemptions available under Section 54B, subjected to certain conditions. If it is deemed taxable, then indexation can be availed, which will calculate the difference between the price at which you grandfather got it (the date he inherited it as per the indexation), and you'll have to pay 10% on that. If the price is not known by any means, then the government-prescribed rate can be taken instead.\n\nAs there is a significant amount deposited in your father's account, there can be tax-related queries that would require answering. Technically, there would be no taxes liable even if your grandfather decided to gift the money to your father. For more details, please refer to http://www.telegraphindia.com/1130401/jsp/business/story_16733007.jsp and http://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/publications/4_compute_your_capital_gains/chapter2.asp."}
{"416": "\n\nRevised Text: \n\nAn employee's cost to a company can be measured in several ways, including salary, taxes, benefits, and capital. Salary is the most obvious, referring to what the company pays for your work. Taxes are also a significant cost to employers, covering social security for retirement, unemployment insurance in case of layoffs, and workers' compensation for job-related injuries, among others. Benefits, such as medical insurance, retirement plans, and holiday pay, are also provided by many companies to their employees. Finally, capital, including equipment and furniture, is often required for an employee to perform their job duties. These factors make up the total cost of employing someone. \n\nIn the case of hiring a foreign employee, taxes may differ, but the overall cost should be similar if the same benefits and capital investment are provided. A domestic employee may cost a company $60,000 in salary and $20,000 in taxes, but if a foreign employee has no tax costs, the amount paid should logically be $80,000. Accounting professionals in larger companies calculate the cost of new employees in detail, while smaller companies may not. \n\nOther considerations for hiring foreign remote employees include potential language barriers, communication difficulties, time zone differences, and bureaucratic complexities. These issues can create inefficiencies and challenges for both the employee and the employer. \n\nUltimately, negotiations are necessary to determine the best offer for both parties. A company may be convinced that they can hire a foreign employee for less than a domestic employee, regardless of the overall cost. However, pointing out cost savings may persuade the employer to reconsider their position."}
{"417": "\n\nI invest my \"safe\" money in index funds, but I also enjoy investing in individual stocks. When deciding which stocks to buy, I have a set of criteria that I follow, and I'll use SBUX as an example. Firstly, I make sure that I understand what the company does, which is often summarized as \"buy what you know.\" I look for businesses that are profitable and have steady growth, and I find that this doesn't necessarily need to be a complicated process. For example, with SBUX, my decision-making process started inside one of their stores. I saw a long line-up of people willing to pay a premium for their coffee and thought to myself, \"I wonder if this is a good stock to buy?\"\n\nNext, I evaluate the fundamentals of the company to determine if it's a good investment. Metrics such as the price-to-earnings (P.E.) ratio, book value, and price/earnings-to-growth ratio (PEG) are helpful indicators of stock pricing. I compare these values to others in the industry to get an idea if the stock is overpriced or not. SBUX currently has a P.E. ratio of roughly 30, which seems average compared to competitors such as PEP, KKD, and GMCR. This seems like a good sign.\n\nAdditionally, I consider if the company pays a dividend, which is neither positive nor negative, but useful to know. I tend to favor dividend-paying stocks, even if it means sacrificing more aggressive growth. A company that pays a dividend is usually confident in its ability to generate cash and turn a profit, so it instills more confidence in me about the safety of the investment. Fortunately, SBUX pays a small dividend, which is a positive factor for me.\n\nLastly, I decide if I'm willing to keep an eye on the stock. With index funds, I tend to make a purchase and forget about it. However, individual stocks require more attention and regular monitoring. In SBUX's case, I don't need to keep a close watch on it, but I do try to stay up-to-date with the latest news surrounding the company.\n\nOverall, my decision to invest in SBUX meets all of my criteria, which means I feel comfortable making this investment. And I no longer feel silly paying a premium for coffee!"}
{"418": "\n\nI need more context to provide a proper revision. The given text is incomplete and its meaning is unclear. Please provide me with more information so I can assist you better."}
{"419": "\n\nYou stated that you plan on resigning immediately after getting approved. However, in the United States, there is one final check during the closing process. It would be advisable to wait until after closing to quit your job. This would also safeguard you against any setbacks that could cause a delay in closing, necessitating a reapplication for the loan."}
{"420": "\n\nInitially, both Company A and Company B each had 10,000 shares. Company B had $500,000 in cash and other assets, and each company had a specific stated purpose that prevents them from randomly buying shares in other firms. However, Company A decided to issue 5,000 new shares, resulting in $500,000 in capital. It is important to note that listed companies cannot conduct private placements without regulatory approval, instead they must offer shares through public or rights issues. Similarly, Company B also issued 5,000 new shares for $500,000. Company A then purchased those 5,000 shares using the $500,000 it had just acquired. However, there is no apparent justification for Company B's shareholders to raise $5,000 from Company A for this consideration. It is likely that this situation will lead to an increase in the share price."}
{"421": "\n\nRevised: Banks make money from transaction fees and operate as profit-making corporations just like any other company. However, instead of buying, packaging, and selling groceries, they handle money. Within the boundaries of regulations and the market, banks aim to maximize their profits, just like Apple, GM, Walmart, and others. As member countries of the European Union, Sweden and Holland follow laws that mandate certain types of transactions should be free of charge. To transfer money from a Swedish bank account to a Dutch bank account, customers can use a SEPA transaction, which should be processed within a day and without any cost. \n\nReference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Euro_Payments_Area"}
{"422": "\n\nRevised text: \"The well-known saying, 'the early bird catches the worm,' is especially true in the world of finance. Those who take the first action based on available information often profit the most. Hedge funds, for instance, invest billions of dollars to situate their routers in strategic locations on Wall Street. However, it's important to note that not all information is accurate. Sometimes, articles or rumors can spread misinformation that can lead to incorrect predictions. Moreover, there's always speculation factored into market prices, as evidenced by Greece's economic situation. Despite concerning news about Greece's economy, the market's rise demonstrated that most investors had already accounted for it. Therefore, the game of investing is much more complex than it appears. In a few seconds, opportunities to earn enormous sums can be lost if everyone consistently relies on reports to make decisions. This doesn't mean that reading reports is a bad thing in itself, but it's not enough to provide a clear path towards profit.\""}
{"423": "\n\nMost Indian brokers are now offering APIs to retail clients, and the NSE Exchange also supports algorithmic trading at the retail level. Two levels of APIs are currently being offered: 1) Semi-automatic or one-touch trading for retail traders, and 2) Fully automatic for dealers. I have tested the API with discount broker www.tradejini.com and found it to be good for retail trading. However, to fully automate your trading system, you need to pass the NISM Series VIII certification (Dealer Certification), obtain dealer terminals from the broker, register as a dealer, and take permission from the exchange to run your algorithms automatically. Algo trading without exchange permission is illegal."}
{"424": "\n\nNegotiability is a legal concept that allows for the free transfer of a security without prior consent from the issuer. This means that the issuer must pay the current holder of the security regardless of their identity. Negotiability also protects a good faith buyer of the instrument from adverse ownership claims of purported prior holders of the instrument. It is important to note that negotiability is not related to negotiating the price of the security. A negotiable security ensures that the current owner need not worry about acquiring the asset via a bad chain of title, as they may assert a \"holder in due course\" defense against such claims, providing them with absolute security in their ownership right over the asset. Securities and derivatives are different in that securities are transferrable instruments that represent a direct claim on the issuer for the value of the security, whether it be in the form of debt or equity ownership. On the other hand, derivatives are bilateral contracts that can only be entered into with the consent of both parties and can only be transferred with such consent. Derivatives represent a claim against the parties to the derivative that depends on some economic reference that is outside of the financial condition of the two parties to the contract, such as interest rates, FX rates, commodity prices, etc."}
{"425": "\n\nIn the past few years, I have extensively studied monetary history, and as a result, I have formulated two crucial principles. Adherence to these rules is instrumental in navigating through governmental or banking crises with relative ease."}
{"426": "\n\nThere are two distinct classes of shares within the same company: Class A shares [with a par value of 0.01] and Class B shares [with a par value of 0.0002]. Each Class A share is granted 100 voting rights, while each Class B share is granted only one voting right. These shares are listed separately and have different ISN codes, and trade at slightly different values. As expected, Class A shares have a higher value than Class B shares due to their greater voting power."}
{"427": "\n\nBefore jumping into investing, it is crucial that you educate yourself to make informed decisions. Please don't take this personally, but it appears that you lack the sophistication needed to pick individual investments or trust financial advisors. Instead, I recommend reading A Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton Malkiel, which advocates for the purchase of index funds that invest in a portfolio of all available stocks rather than selecting winners and losers. Vanguard is an excellent choice for index funds since it's an honest player in the industry with no profit motive and doesn't pay high-priced analysts to cherry-pick stocks as they're owned by their investors. If Vanguard is not available in your location, look for a local brokerage account that allows you to invest in the US stock market as many Vanguard mutual funds are available as ETFs. With this knowledge, investing should be straightforward regardless of your location."}
{"428": "\n\nThe concept is not new and has been thought of by millions before you. When it comes to credit card swipes, the fees vary between 2.4 and 4.5%, depending on the provider, the type of credit card used, and the transaction amount. Additionally, there may be a small fixed cost per swipe. It's important to note that credit cards with cash back incentives, such as 2% or 3%, are subject to higher swipe fees. This is because the card issuers are not foolish enough to offer rewards without covering their costs."}
{"429": "\n\nYes, in a way. Within Yahoo Finance, there is a particular view that allows you to observe a stock's price movement. For example, suppose you were to make a market order for 3000 shares of a particular stock, which is not even worth $4000 - this would still cause the stock to move past $1.34, which represents a more than 3% price increase. Now, let's assume that the Ask side currently has 100,000 shares, each with a $10 ask price. Since it would take numerous orders to purchase all of these shares, the price might remain stable at $10 or go down slightly if there are individuals willing to sell at a lower price. However, if the Ask side showed $10 for 1000 shares, $10.25 for 500 shares, and $10.50 for 1000 shares, the volume is low enough that a market order from you would cause the market price to increase up to $10.50 if you purchased 2500 shares at market price. Even though you are a small trader, your order raised the price. Once you go to sell all 2500 shares at $10.50, there might not be any bids to buy at that price, so there's no way to know what the next trade's price will be. There could be bids at $10, and you might ask $10.50, causing no trades to occur until the seller agrees to sell at the $10 bid price or other traders come in with varying offers."}
{"430": "\n\nThere are several websites that can assist you with this task. Yahoo and MarketWatch are two examples that immediately come to mind, but there are numerous others that can also be useful."}
{"431": "\n\nThis is my approach: I arrived at a different solution than the expected one, but I am confident that it is accurate."}
{"432": "\n\nIf the numbers you provided are a projection of your annual income for 2013, it is advisable to calculate an average and provide the lender with one solid number, backed up with relevant documentation. Lenders typically do not incorporate fluctuations in monthly income in their underwriting process. If you have the flexibility to choose another lender, I highly recommend that you shop around, as there are no universal lending requirements and you may be surprised at the variety of options available to you. This is not to suggest circumventing any regulations, but rather to encourage you to find a lender who can work with your specific financial circumstances. You may want to explore personal finance forums such as FatWallet or Slickdeals to locate cost-effective lenders: http://goo.gl/vIojT"}
{"433": "\n\nMy family taught me the value of hard work and the satisfaction that comes with it. Additionally, my grandparents emphasized the importance of honesty and fairness, especially after catching me in a lie and cheating. I vividly recall my grandfather explaining the significance of a handshake and the trust it symbolizes. As a child, saving money and watching it accumulate interest delighted me, but my parents restricted me from frivolous spending. My interest in finances emerged around age 10 or 11 when I began watching \"Wall Street Week\" with my father and inundating him with inquisitive queries. Games like Sim City further piqued my curiosity, and even my grandmother was astounded when I spoke about bonding construction projects. Although children need not worry about money before age 10, they should learn the value of responsibility, hard work, and the consequences of not following through."}
{"434": "\n\nRevised:\n\nPOs, which stands for Point of Sale (i.e., a specific store location), can denote a purchase made using a debit card or an online transaction conducted via 3-D Secure. In this case, an investigation revealed that a Kirchstrasse transaction may have been related to a direct marketing subscription service ordered online. Such transactions are typically processed by 2BuySafe, a company located in Liechtenstein and registered at Kirchstrasse through the MultiCards online cashier. This system enables the payment of a wide variety of services, including the Polish online storage service, Chomikuj. To track these transactions, one can examine the email and use a specific query (e.g., \"after:2014/09/02 before:2014/09/02 Order\") in a Gmail account. However, if you do not recognize a transaction, it is best to contact your bank. Some people have expressed concern about this type of transaction and have questioned the authenticity of 2BuySafe.com and multicards.com. However, it should be noted that MultiCards is a reputable company specializing in online credit and debit card processing that has been in operation since 1995. It is a PCI/DSS certified Internet Payment Service Provider employing various fraud protection tools to safeguard customer information, including 'Verified by Visa' and 'MasterCard SecureCode.' Similarly, 2BuySafe.com is also secured and verified by GeoTrust, with the certificate trusted by all major web browsers. It is crucial to enter accurate information to avoid the rejection of a card, in line with the Terms of Service. Finally, it is worth mentioning that 2BuySafe.com is hosted on the MultiCards server site."}
{"435": "\n\nA call or put option entitles you to buy (call) or sell (put) shares at a specific price on a particular date. The range of prices on the chart represents only a selection of possible stock values, with the number of options limited to maintain reasonability. Typically, options represent even units, but for high-priced stocks, the intervals may be even more extensive. The chart indicates June, specifically the third Friday of the month, which falls on June 15th in this case. These options speculate how the stock will move within the next ten days, and while the figures are per share, options are traded only in lots of 100. The calls are listed on the left side of the chart. If you sell a call option at 19, you would have received a premium of 9.70 per share for the last traded option. However, towards the expiry date, the trade value can fluctuate depending on the market factors. For instance, if the market value of the stock at the expiry date drops below 19, you will receive the stock while the other party must pay you the purchase price. Conversely, if the stock price rises to more than 26, you cannot back out and have to trade your shares. \n\nOn the right side of the chart is the puts section. It is the reverse of the calls in that the holder has the option to sell the shares to you at a strike price come the expiry date. For instance, at a strike price of 30, you would collect 3.20$ for agreeing to buy shares per put option sold. If the market price of the share at the expiry date is less than the strike price, you must purchase the shares. Still, if it trades higher than the strike price, the option becomes worthless. You usually need to have shares in question to sell call options, as the selling of options without owning the stock is risky. Because of the potential loss, your broker may prohibit margin trades in options. The risk is infinite when selling a call without owning shares, potentially costing many times the original investment when the market price fluctuates. If the number of shares sold is more than the stocks available for holding, catastrophic possibilities may arise, where the holder determines the trade's terms. (This used to happen in the past.)"}
{"436": "\n\nReal-World Case: IRS: You owe us $x because you didn't report your income from job y. My mother: I never worked for company y, and I don't know who they are. IRS: If the W-2 form is incorrect, you need to contact them to fix it. My mother: I've been trying to locate company y, but I can't find their contact information. Can you provide me with an address or phone number? IRS: Unfortunately, we don't have that information. It's your responsibility to contact them and resolve the issue. The situation persisted for over a year, and the final outcome was never disclosed by the IRS. Since then, I haven't been able to follow up on the matter."}
{"437": "\n\nPossible revision:\n\nDread disease policies, also known as critical illness insurance, are typically not a wise choice due to adverse selection and asymmetric information. When you buy an insurance policy, the insurer estimates your risk level and sets the premium accordingly. Asymmetric information arises when you possess information about your risk level that the insurer does not have. For instance, you may appear low-risk on paper but engage in high-risk activities that increase your health expenses. In contrast, adverse selection occurs when people with higher risk levels are more likely to buy insurance, as they have a greater need for coverage. Dread disease policies allow you to specify a disease you wish to insure against, revealing information to the insurer about your higher-than-average risk of that ailment. As a result, these policies often cost more and may not renew if your risk level becomes too high. With the Affordable Care Act, all new health insurance plans must provide essential health benefits, meaning that dread disease policies may no longer be available. Additionally, the law prohibits lifetime limits on most health plans, reducing the need for specific disease coverage. Instead of buying a dread disease policy, you should evaluate the services, choice of providers, and costs of comprehensive health insurance plans, such as catastrophic coverage with a high deductible."}
{"438": "\n\nIt is crucial to be extremely cautious about managing your finances. While I acknowledge the importance of hiring an investment advisor, I suggest seeking guidance from at least two professionals to gain diverse perspectives and verify their qualifications and past performance. Avoid being convinced by family members to invest in their company or assist them with personal expenses. In my view, investing in real estate remains one of the most beneficial options. It may be worthwhile to purchase a property in need of renovation and then lease it out for rental income."}
{"439": "\n\nPerhaps minimalism could be a viable option for you. It's important to clarify what you truly want and only purchase what you actually need. By doing so, you'll avoid wasting money. As an example, I enjoy hosting gatherings for my friends, where I cook them an extravagant dinner featuring pricier ingredients. The satisfaction I get from these experiences surpasses any amount of money spent. In contrast, many gifts lose their value to the recipient and end up costing more than they're worth.originally."}
{"440": "\n\nAs you reach a certain age, you can tap into your retirement accounts or start receiving pension and social security funds, and might face required minimum distributions. Before reaching those points, it's generally advisable to shift focus to more conservative funds. Depending on account balances and revenue streams, you may even move from aggressive to conservative investments. The best ratio of investments and revenue streams is still debated.\n\nDuring retirement, you'll be withdrawing funds either to maintain your standard of living or to meet required minimum distributions. Decisions on what to sell will depend on tax implications or maintaining the desired asset allocation. If distributions are law-driven, you'll sell enough to meet specific requirements and then move funds to a low-interest savings or non-retirement account. If your goal is to meet your living expenses, you'll sell funds that allow you to keep your desired asset allocation but also provide enough to live on.\n\nOf course, you may decide to rebalance your retirement accounts at any point based on changes to your lifestyle, family obligations, or newfound wealth such as a lottery win."}
{"441": "\n\nTwo factors that can negatively impact your credit score are the age of your credit account and your available credit to debt ratio. Removing an older account may harm your credit score because it eliminates that account from the calculation of your overall credit score. This is especially true if the closed account is your only or one of only a few open credit lines. Decreasing your available credit will also make your current debt appear higher, potentially causing lenders to perceive you as a higher risk. This is particularly significant if your debt to available credit ratio exceeds a certain percentage. \n\nIt's crucial to note, however, that closing a credit card will not affect the average age of all your credit cards. Even closed accounts remain on your credit report for ten years, and they are factored into the average age calculation of your credit cards. The average age of your credit cards is only recalculated when the closed credit card is removed from your report. \n\nTo obtain your free annual credit report, it's important to go to https://www.annualcreditreport.com, which is the only official site designated by the FTC. Other third-party sites may sell or trade your information, which can put you at risk. \n\nWhen applying for a credit card, banks and creditors consider several factors depending on the type of card you're interested in. If the card offers extensive personal rewards like cash back or flyer miles, they will scrutinize your application even more closely. Some factors they will look at include your income to debt ratio, income to available credit ratio, the number of revolving lines of credit you have, debt to available credit ratio, and whether you have adequate assets or equity to cover both your debt and available credit. Essentially, they want to ensure that you have the means to pay back any debt you incur quickly. In other words, they are looking for stability and reliability."}
{"442": "\n\nYes, you may claim deductions on books, periodicals and digital information that meet the ATO's criteria. To claim an immediate deduction, the item must cost less than $300 and satisfy all the requirements listed on the ATO's website. Alternatively, these expenses may fall under the self-education expense category or be considered a tool, equipment or other asset if they are for a professional library, including a home office. Please refer to the ATO's website for more information on each category. Note that some of the links provided in previous answers may be outdated, so it is recommended to use the latest resources available on the ATO's website. This answer may be helpful for those who stumble upon this question in the future."}
{"443": "\n\nRevised: When placing a buy or sell order for stocks, the price is always included and it determines the market price. For instance, if you want to buy at a price of 106, you can place an order. Once the order is fulfilled and you have purchased the stock, you can then sell it by placing a sell order at 107, which will be processed as soon as someone else places a buy order at that same price. Short selling, on the other hand, is when you sell stocks you do not own, in the hopes that the stock price will decrease, which is a risky operation that may result in you owing more than you initially invested. Financial professionals will only entertain such an undertaking if you can demonstrate that you are well-informed about the potential risks and rewards."}
{"444": "\n\nIf the wording states \"within 10 days\", it means 10 calendar days. Alternatively, it would state \"10 business days\". Generally, when a task needs to be completed within 10 days from today, the count starts from today. \"Within\" implies that the action can be completed on any of the days leading up to the 10th day. However, contacting the bank for confirmation is recommended to avoid any confusion."}
{"445": "\n\nA 15% discount does not guarantee a good investment as the stock price can fluctuate at any time. While a 15% discount may offer a better deal than the average market value, it is important to consider all factors and conduct thorough research before making any investment decisions."}
{"446": "\n\nThere are two related but distinct terms: Broker and Market Maker. A Broker is responsible for finding a buyer or seller to transact shares with. On the other hand, a Market Maker is a company that partners with you to complete a sale at a predetermined price, often the market price, as they are often responsible for setting the market price in low-volume listings. Market Makers maintain a 'pool' of relatively common and uncommon stocks. It's worth noting that a broker can be a market maker or work for one, providing direct sales of stocks from their reservoir. However, this may not always be a favorable approach for the investor, as brokers, while obligated to act in the client's interest, may steer them towards stocks where the brokerage serves as a market maker."}
{"447": "\n\nAlthough tradition has kept some human brokers on the floor, their numbers are dwindling. As electronic trading continues to grow, it is reasonable to expect even further declines. However, human brokers are still needed in certain private exchanges, such as dark pools, that maintain privacy for high-profile clients and institutional investors requiring anonymous deals. Nevertheless, technology is replacing the need for brokers even in these venues. While no stock exchange is entirely free of human brokers, exchanges like Nasdaq and other traditionally OTC exchanges are as close as it gets, given they never had physical trading floors."}
{"448": "\n\nRevised: Short selling a stock is done when you expect its value to decrease in the near future. For instance, if Exxon-Mobile stock is currently selling for $100/share and you anticipate a fall in price, you may decide to short the stock. This process involves borrowing shares from your broker (e.g. eTrade) without paying for them, then selling them to receive money that is transferred to your account. However, you do not own the shares and must return them to your broker at a later date. Suppose you borrow 10 shares at $100 each and sell them at market price to receive $1,000 in your account. You owe your broker 10 shares, and if the price drops to $80 a few days later, you can buy 10 shares for a total cost of $800. You return the shares to your broker, and since you received $1,000 but only paid out $800, you keep a profit of $200."}
{"449": "\n\nYour main concern lies with the Government, both as a taxing entity and a law enforcement agency. It's alarming how quickly banks can seize your assets in response to a court order. To prevent this, consider purchasing 100 Mexican 50 Peso Gold coins (1.2 oz/ea) as they are inexpensive and not reportable to taxing authorities upon sale. However, avoid storing them in a bank. It's recommended to consult with a tax strategist, preferably a former IRS agent or CPA, to manage your finances. As for the remaining funds, remember \"Don't fight the Fed\" and \"The trend is your friend.\" Despite the current low-interest rates, investors are encouraged to stay away from the market and hold cash, as we may experience a long-lasting deflationary period like Japan. Therefore, cash is king."}
{"450": "\n\nThe link you shared directs to managed funds that come with higher fees. Instead, consider exploring their exchange traded funds which offer lower management fees and align better with index fund strategies."}
{"451": "\n\nPlease note that the aforementioned details apply only to shares. For other assets such as houses, jewellery, mutual funds, and debt funds, there are additional regulations. For further information, please consult the Income Tax guide."}
{"452": "\n\nTARGET2 is a real-time settlement system used across Europe for high-value transactions. Opening this system on weekends would require all the banks, including Central Banks in the Euro Zone, to work. To manage intra-day liquidity, banks often borrow from each other, which requires active monitoring by the banks. This borrowing is typically done over phone and fax, with the lending bank sending a high-value transaction that credits the borrowing bank. Managing liquidity is the day-to-day job of the treasury group, who are highly paid individuals. However, if the volume of transactions is low on weekends, it doesn't make sense to keep these individuals on standby as the cost of supporting the system for insignificant business gain is not practical. \n\nOn the other hand, for retail transactions, such as debit/credit cards and ATM transactions, the value is not high, and there is no need for a treasury function. These areas have highly automated systems in place, ensuring smooth transactions without any issues."}
{"453": "\n\nConsider the following revision:\n\nYou have an option to maintain your status as a woman-owned business without compromising equity. You could ask your partner to buy out 3% worth of shares from you, leaving her with a 54% stake. This would allow you to sell 5% to another investor without reducing her ownership below 51% (54% * 95% = 51.3%). With this solution, you remain whole while also ensuring your business stays woman-owned."}
{"454": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhen it comes to the price of your home, don't worry too much about its history. While some buyers might try to haggle based on previous pricing, ultimately, the price is the price. If it's too high, lower it, and keep adjusting until it's reasonable. Lowering the price gradually is a good tactic, and doing so repeatedly won't harm your chances of selling. Keep in mind that pricing it too high might discourage potential buyers from making an offer, so aim for something reasonable for the neighborhood.\n\nIf you have the luxury of time, keep lowering the price until you find the right buyer. If it doesn't sell at all, you can always consider renting it out to cover the mortgage costs. Of course, renting requires effort and management, so be prepared to invest the necessary time and labor.\n\nIf you need to wait a few years before selling, you can explore options like leasing or owner financing. However, be careful when lending to someone with bad credit, and only consider options with added value beyond tax deductions.\n\nIf you're unable to pay your mortgage, avoid foreclosure at all costs. Instead, talk to the bank and work out a short sale or deed in lieu of foreclosure. This not only saves you from a significant hit to your credit but also benefits the bank by avoiding legal fees and getting the most out of the sale. Working with the bank shows a willingness to be proactive and responsible, which can ultimately help you in the long run."}
{"455": "\n\nFrom a business perspective, Discover and American Express bear their own risks as credit card companies. American Express has allowed banks like Bank of America (BofA) to use their transaction network and logo, but BofA is responsible for providing financial risk management and customer support. On the other hand, Visa and MasterCard offer their logos and network processing services to banks for a fee. Therefore, individual banks bear the financial risks associated with fraud, non-payment from merchants, and other issues."}
{"456": "\n\nCombining money and friendship, whether it be through lending or renting, can be a risky venture. While it may work out well, sometimes people encounter unexpected complications. It's important to ask yourself, if things do go wrong, are you able to walk away from either the friendship or the finances? Additionally, consider the feelings of your potential roommates before moving forward.  Would it be fair to charge your friends $2000 to rent a section of property when they could likely find a cheaper alternative from a stranger? Although the market may vary in Cleveland, in many areas, a rent of $2000 would be expected for property worth closer to $300,000 instead of $100,000. Have you discussed this proposition and financial values with your roommates, and are you still interested even if they were to pay less than the proposed $2000 rent?"}
{"457": "\n\nWhen paying taxes for your personal return filed with the IRS, the payment should always come from your personal account, regardless of the source of income. Business accounts should be used for sales tax and corporate taxes (if applicable). If you have any doubts or questions, you can always ask your accountant for clarification as they will have more precise answers. In regards to LLCs, as a pass-through entity, all income passes directly to the owners and they are taxed on this net income at their individual tax rate. The LLC itself does not pay taxes directly to the federal government on income. For further information on LLCs, refer to this resource: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/llc-basics-30163.html."}
{"458": "\n\nHistorically, stocks have shown the highest growth potential for investments. Investing in established companies that offer dividends can be very beneficial as it allows for compound growth over time. Investing in oil and gas companies, in particular, can provide great returns through dividend payments."}
{"459": "\n\nIf you've been in your house for a few years and have built up some equity, selling online may be a good option if the market is active in your area. For certain situations, local banks may be a better choice. If the value of your neighborhood in San Diego differs remarkably from a nearby low-value area, it's unclear whether an online platform could pinpoint these nuances, in which case local banks would be the better option. I have had three mortgages from a regional bank, a broker-sourced national mortgage company, and a local bank. Although the bigger banks had better statements and more accessible online services, they did not provide the same level of value that the smaller bank offered. The smaller bank had an overall lower closing cost and waived some of the customary fees that larger banks charged. Despite the national mortgage company offering a lower APR, the much lower upfront costs, competitive APR (only half a point higher than the lowest advertised), and time horizon for staying in the house made the smaller bank a better choice for me."}
{"460": "\n\nA subsidy is a payment provided by a group, commonly the government, to individuals or corporations to offset economic decisions that may be detrimental to the group as a whole. For instance, a farmer may have two options for planting crops: genetically modified maize that yields high and can only be processed into high fructose corn syrup, or naturally bred corn that yields less but is fit for direct consumption. If the demand for both exceeds the supply, the farmer would benefit more by planting the former. However, if claims that HFCS contributes to obesity are valid, then society would be better off with less of it and more alternative foods. Since no one would voluntarily reduce production, subsidies provide monetary incentives to facilitate change. In the long run, such investments could pay off by lowering healthcare costs, making it a rational economic decision from the state's perspective. If all individuals acted purely in their self-interest, subsidies might be unnecessary since customers would demand healthier options, and the market would provide those alternatives."}
{"461": "\n\nThe examples provided in the question are not relevant as the source of capital gains does not depend on the location of the brokerage or the company where stocks are owned. For non-resident alien international students living full-time in the US, capital gains are sourced from the US. According to the source, an alien's tax home determines the sourcing of capital gains. If an alien has a tax home in the US, the capital gains are sourced from the US. If an alien does not have a tax home in the US, their US-sourced capital gains would be considered foreign-sourced and not taxable. Moving to the US for a significant period, expected to be one year or longer, would assume the shift of the tax home to the US from the start of the move, and capital gains are sourced to the US. However, tax treaties may change the scenario as they also cover capital gains for non-residents."}
{"462": "\n\nHere is a revised version:\n\nMy suggestion would be to retrieve your old email account. DumbCoder makes a valid point - the company in which you have shares can potentially determine which brokerage firm holds your shares, but it could require significant effort on their part. Instead, it may be easier to contact various brokerage firms until you locate the correct one rather than approaching the company directly. I wish you all the best."}
{"463": "\n\nRevised:\n\nCompanies usually offer their shares to the public when there is high demand in the market and when they can sell their shares without compromising on the terms. This typically happens when people are looking to invest without conducting proper due diligence, such as in the case of Netscape's IPO in 1995 or Snapchat's IPO in 2017. Sometimes, companies also issue more shares after already being public if the market conditions remain favorable, which can result in share dilution and a decline in share prices during less favorable market conditions, as seen with Viggle's stock.\n\nIt is not uncommon for non-financial companies to create and sell corporate debt, in the form of bonds. Anyone can buy corporate bonds, including those issued by Apple, from the same brokers that sell stocks. However, some market participants may take advantage of less informed investors, such as those who invest through mutual funds, who may be swayed by brand names rather than company fundamentals and may not conduct proper research.\n\nTo make sound investments, it's important to remain objective and avoid making emotional decisions based on market conditions or brand names."}
{"464": "\n\nRevised: This revenue, totaling $10, will be classified as interest and fully taxable. It is not considered a capital gain. However, it may not be necessary to declare it as income. $100 is a relatively insignificant amount, and lending small sums to friends does not typically constitute a lending business."}
{"465": "\n\nIn the United States, service animals are considered similar to durable medical equipment for tax purposes, allowing for some deductible expenses. Similarly, expenses related to working animals can be considered as either business or hobby expenses, with some limitations on deductions. However, pets are considered \"chattels,\" or movable property, and are not eligible for tax deductions. Generally, expenses related to maintaining personal belongings cannot be deducted."}
{"466": "\n\nIt is not responsible for an executor to endanger an estate, whether through action or inaction. However, it is not the executor's duty to avoid generating revenue for the estate. Take, for example, a 12-unit apartment building with paying tenants. If several tenants move out, the building stops generating revenue and becomes a financial burden for the estate. In such a scenario, a property management company would step in to find new tenants to keep the revenue flowing. The same logic applies to other assets, such as a house. Some argue against renting out a house, citing concerns about potential damage or liability. However, allowing a house to sit abandoned can lead to far worse outcomes, such as squatters or damage from the elements. Renting out a house brings in money that can cover the costs of maintenance, repairs, and other expenses, which ultimately benefits the estate and its beneficiaries. Neglecting to generate revenue from an asset is expensive, and an executor must consider all viable options to maintain the estate's upkeep."}
{"467": "\n\nThere are programs available, such as the Government's HARP program, that allow you to refinance your mortgage even if you owe more than your home is worth. By refinancing at a rate of 4.5%, you could save almost $7,000 per year. This situation is a typical example of how the housing bubble negatively impacted those who purchased homes that were beyond their means. If you default on your mortgage or have to sell the property for less than what you owe, the bank could face a loss of $50,000. To explore options for lowering your mortgage rate, consider speaking with a branch manager. If you are committed to keeping your home and staying current on your loan, they may be able to help you refinance. Wishing you the best of luck with your refinancing efforts."}
{"468": "\n\nIt is impossible to predict the effects of Brexit, but it is prudent to consider them. After the leave vote, the pound weakened and may continue to do so dramatically after Brexit, which could lead to increased inflation. UK inflation has risen from under 1% to 3% since the referendum and may continue to climb. If this happens, the Bank of England may raise interest rates, in line with its historical practice of hedging against inflation. \n\nWith interest rates already artificially low since the 2008 global crash, they cannot remain at the same level if inflation rises. This, in turn, would lead to higher mortgage rates. For instance, a \u00a3100k mortgage at a present interest rate of 3.92% currently costs \u00a3523 per month. With a 7% rate, repayments go up to \u00a3707 per month, and at 10%, it becomes \u00a3909 per month, and so on. A mortgage calculator like the one found at https://www.moneysavingexpert.com/mortgages/mortgage-rate-calculator can help you estimate your potential mortgage payments. \n\nTherefore, the best course of action is to strive for a small mortgage that you can afford should interest rates rise significantly. Other Brexit risks include a potential drop in house prices if people opt not to purchase properties due to high interest rates. While no one can say for sure what will happen, it is wise to plan for all possibilities. Disclaimer: This advice is given in good faith but without any financial qualifications."}
{"469": "\n\nThis passage describes the complex process of interbank transfers, including the various systems and methods used by banks to transfer funds securely. However, the text could be made clearer and more concise, so here is a revised version:\n\nInterbank transfers involve the transfer of reserves at the central bank, which can be achieved through various systems such as the Bank of England's RTGS. Only certain banks and organizations have access to these systems, such as clearing banks and BACS. CHAPS is a fast but costly method, while BACS batches transfers to reduce costs but can take longer. Checks must be in place to prevent fraud, and foreign currency transfers require mediation by at least one clearing bank in the relevant country. Fast payments can be made through BACS, but for safety reasons, there are limits on the amount that can be transferred. Different countries have varying levels of adoption for this technology, with the UK at the forefront. Overall, interbank transfers require a balance between speed and safety to ensure that transactions are secure and reliable."}
{"470": "\n\nI am uncertain if there are variations between countries, and I understand that your question pertains specifically to the US. However, in the UK, mobile phone contracts, including SIM-only deals, factor into credit ratings for a duration of six years. This is evidenced by the Experion website chat discussion."}
{"471": "\n\nThere are some additional links that explain the differences between the two terms, but as @bstpierre points out, they are mostly very similar and can often be used interchangeably."}
{"472": "\n\nIs evaluating heavily traded stocks a waste of time? Absolutely not! Conducting thorough fundamental analysis on companies can help you make sound investment decisions that align with your risk appetite. Investing doesn't have to be a zero-sum game - with careful evaluation, you can achieve positive outcomes in the short or long term without sacrificing your peace of mind. While market evaluations involve thousands of professionals, it's unrealistic for the average individual to match their precision. However, you can still aim for a thorough evaluation that helps you align your investments with your objectives. You don't need to outperform the experts - simply losing less money than you would by relying solely on them can be a victory in itself."}
{"473": "\n\nThis is my understanding of the concept of Fibonacci numbers, levels, ratios, and percentages. It is based on the idea of sequential increments. You can find lots of information about Fibonacci online. In the stock market, this concept is used to predict psychological levels. When a trend forms, prices tend to accumulate or consolidate at these levels. The impact of percentages and ratios can be seen by checking any long trend. To do this, draw a Fibonacci retracement from the immediate previous high and connect it to its low. This will show new levels of intermediate trend. In the broader term, after a reversal, a leg (trend) forms, followed by a body and then a head, which is smaller. When the first leg that forms refuses to break 23.6% or 38.2%, then the previous trend may continue. The 50% level is usually an indecision phase. Even though the 61.8% level is seen as indecision, it is a crucial level as it is the breakout level towards 100%. If the stock retraces 100%, it is a sign that a new big trend is forming. For day traders, levels of 23.6%, 38.2%, and 50% are very crucial from a trading perspective. This concept is so realistic that every level is considered and respected. Suppose a candle or bar starts at the 23.6% level, crosses 38.2% and directly hits 50%. In that case, the next candle or bar will revert and hit 38.2% before continuing with the trend. This means that the price comes back, forms its area at this level, and then moves in whichever direction the force directs it. It is important to note that one cannot trade Fibonacci alone and needs the help of oscillators or other tools to confirm it."}
{"474": "\n\nSeveral prominent banks in the United States are members of the clearXchange network, allowing their customers to transfer funds among them. Despite being part of the same network, each member bank markets the clearXchange service under a different name. For instance, Chase refers to it as QuickPay, Wells Fargo as SurePay, and Capital One as P2P Payments. Utilizing clearXchange requires the sender's bank to be a network member. The recipient needn't be a member, although it's more convenient if they are, as there are no setup requirements on their end. If not a member, they must register through the clearXchange site. To the best of my knowledge, most payments within the network are free of charge, including the repeating payments I've established using Chase's QuickPay."}
{"475": "\n\nIf you're investing $1,000 per year and the value is projected to increase by $100,000 in 15 years, averaging at $6,000 per year, you have a solid investment. Although, it's important to consider your own financial goals and not be influenced by outside opinions, such as from a spouse."}
{"476": "\n\nI don't quite understand how you came to the conclusion that taking out a $20k car loan increases equity by $20k. A car loan is a liability, unlike your $100k in cash, which is an asset. Furthermore, the value of a car isn't equivalent to the loan amount. Ultimately, it's worth only what a potential buyer is willing to pay for it. It's important to remember that taking on new loans can negatively impact your debt-to-income ratio and hinder your ability to secure a mortgage. Every hard inquiry on your credit report temporarily affects your score, except in the case of mortgage funding. For up to 30 days while shopping for a mortgage, additional inquiries won't count against you. However, it's only for mortgage-related inquiries and not for other forms of credit. Ultimately, the best approach is to focus on what you can afford rather than trying to procure the most expensive property possible. This ensures that you have room to maneuver and take out credit for unexpected needs, repairs, or upgrades. Don't limit your options through a large loan. Good luck!"}
{"477": "\n\nNo, there is no direct correlation between the value of real estate and inflation. In some parts of the United States, the real estate market has yet to recover from the peak in 2006 even after seven years. Furthermore, the value of real estate is heavily influenced by local factors such as location and property type. An unfavorable location or type of property can result in a decrease in value while other properties near it are appreciating. I have personally owned three properties in the Washington DC area, all of which had different peak and decline points since the late 80s. You may get lucky and make a significant profit, but it is impossible to guarantee that prices will continue to rise during the time you own the property."}
{"478": "\n\nIf you do not meet the eligibility criteria, the bank can reject your loan application. Consider speaking to multiple banks to find out your options."}
{"479": "\n\nThe CNBC website is packed with videos. Whenever I click on a link to any of their articles, it appears to be a video instead of text. While it's not quite like watching the channel live, most of their top stories come in video format."}
{"480": "\n\nPrices are set by the market, and the method that JP Morgan, or any other bank or organization, uses to establish the price at which it is prepared to transact would constitute proprietary business data."}
{"481": "\n\nRevised: High Yield bonds, commonly referred to as Junk Bonds, have credit ratings below BBB-. While these companies are not necessarily risky, they are less financially stable than higher-rated companies. If you are uncomfortable analyzing them yourself, investing in a mutual fund, ETF, or unit trust is an option since institutional channels receive a significant amount of the debt market, leaving few opportunities for retail markets. High yield (junk) bonds provide a reliable income source and can be part of a diversified portfolio. It is crucial to diversify and avoid holding all assets in a single class. There are no set rules for asset allocation as it depends on individual risk tolerance, objectives, time horizon, and requirements. If you are uncertain about your investment decisions, seek advice from a trusted professional."}
{"482": "\n\nTo achieve a well-diversified portfolio, it is advisable to own a mix of companies of various sizes. Although both small and large companies may experience the impact of a recession, different economic conditions may affect them in varying ways. By having a diversified portfolio, you can take advantage of opportunities where small companies perform better during recessions, and also benefit from their growth rates during bull markets."}
{"483": "\n\nNo, it does not. However, yes, they can. If the audit has been concluded, you should have been sent an invitation to attend the closing conference and a written summary of the decisions made during the meeting. I recommend that you consult with your tax representative regarding the refund check before depositing or cashing it."}
{"484": "\n\nTraders often choose to close out their short positions before the end of the trading day for various reasons that are important to them. This is a common practice among day traders and high-frequency traders who settle their accounts before the market closes."}
{"485": "\n\nRevised: If you had purchased XOM at 73.18/share on January 20, 2016, and sold it on July 15 at 94.95, you would have earned a 29% return in six months. Additionally, you would have received a dividend payment or two, adding another percentage point to your returns. This is an impressive feat. On the other hand, FB's one-year chart shows an increase from around 95/share to around 129, but it did not pay any dividends. However, its 35.7% year-to-date return for 2016 is still impressive. While these achievements require excellent timing and are not sustainable over the long term, many people simply hold stocks for growth, and dividend payments are a nice bonus. Ultimately, people buy stocks for profit, and dividend-paying stocks may or may not offer the best option."}
{"486": "\n\nAssuming that the $12 asking price can fulfill your entire order of 100 shares, the revised calculation is as follows: \n\n(12 x 100) x 1.01 = 1,212."}
{"487": "\n\nThe \u00a3500 is considered an expense related to the loan, much like interest. It is recommended to have an expense account specifically for financing expenses or to create a new one. Similar to future interest charges, this expense should be treated accordingly in future statements."}
{"488": "\n\nI believe that a key aspect of a successful long-term relationship is a commitment to your partner's success and well-being, which is a form of investment with non-monetary returns. It's crucial to understand that money is simply a token exchanged for favors in the economy. Being invested in your spouse can take many forms, such as giving them a back rub or taking them to a professional massage. It's easy to overlook minor monetary discrepancies, but when considering significant investments, it's vital to determine if the opportunity cost is worth it. This decision comes down to weighing the quality-of-life improvements from the investment versus those gained from investing elsewhere. Every situation is unique, and it's important to consider factors such as a spouse's ability to handle money, including potential addictions. However, in your case, where you're living in a \u00a31.5m house rent-free, I suggest you consider this an opportunity to provide a return on your spouse's investment in you. Ultimately, making an investment in your spouse could be considered \"rent,\" while providing an excellent quality-of-life improvement for both of you."}
{"489": "\n\nRevised: There is no single comprehensive book that covers the vast array of investment instruments available, ranging from brownfield land to CDS futures and beyond. Furthermore, understanding these instruments can range from knowing they exist to being able to mark them to market in illiquid instances. With six years of experience in the industry, I have a solid grasp of the basics of most security types, but even I cannot mark exotic options to market. My knowledge has been shaped largely by my daily use of these instruments and by resources like Investopedia, as well as the CFA Claritas Investment certificate book and Paul Wilmott's texts on Quantitative Finance (particularly the 2nd Edition). In summary, it is impossible to obtain a complete understanding of all security types, and mastering the most commonly used instruments requires significant effort that goes beyond reading a book."}
{"490": "\n\nThe link provided in http://finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=EDV+Historical+Prices matches Vanguard's information and indicates a dividend of 0.769 on March 24, 2014. However, it is unclear whether the download link provides information on cumulative distribution or something else. Furthermore, it is unclear how you ensured that the URL specifies only the most recent distribution. To clarify, consider using a URL such as http://real-chart.finance.yahoo.com/table.csv?s=EDV&a=00&b=29&c=2014&d=05&e=16&f=2014&g=v&ignore=.csv, where the parameters a, b, c, d, e, and f specify the relevant date range for the distribution."}
{"491": "\n\nRevised: Have you considered how well your friends are compensated for their work? Have you thought about investing your money in buying a garage and hiring two car mechanics instead of what you are currently doing? Are you providing paid capital to the company or is it a loan that will be repaid?"}
{"492": "\n\nRevised: Option prices are determined based on the cost of replicating the option returns through a continuous trading strategy of the underlying asset. This implies that the option is traded rapidly to achieve returns similar to those of the stock. It is important to note that the relationship works both ways. When the option is priced correctly, a strategy that replicates stock returns using the option will have the same cost as buying the stock. However, trading continuously is not feasible, and so replicating the stock return is not possible. This may create an illusion of arbitrage profits, with puts appearing unusually expensive. However, it is essential to bear in mind that this apparent profit comes with tail risk. Selling puts may result in greater losses than owning the associated stock if an unusually catastrophic event occurs."}
{"493": "\n\nHave you examined the contents of the book value? It is important to determine if the assets can be quickly converted to cash or if they may pose challenges in obtaining their true market value, particularly if certain assets are not easy to sell. The Motley Fool recently reported a book value of $10 per share, but there may be pricing discrepancies due to declining asset values that have not yet been reflected in updated financial statements. Additionally, according to a recent report, Penn West Petroleum Ltd. (TSX:PWT)(NYSE:PWE) shareholders can now feel more positive about the company's future after enduring months of negative speculation about potential bankruptcy. Therefore, it would be wise to verify the company's book value."}
{"494": "\n\nSeveral lenders now offer consolidation loans that combine both Federal and private student loans. Cedar Ed, for example, provides private consolidation loans on their website http://cedaredlending.com/PrivateConsolidationLoan.htm."}
{"495": "\n\nGreat job on your math skills! In theory, your proposal should work out well because the math checks out. However, have you studied economics or finance? The math used in those classes can make even the most skilled mathematicians uncomfortable due to the level of imprecision involved, even if they are comfortable with chaos theory. Personal finance can be even more challenging. If it were simply a matter of math, products like reverse mortgages, payday lenders, and advances on income tax returns would not exist. The risk involved in your proposal is largely behavioral, which can be beyond the control of the person attempting the scheme. There are many unforeseen circumstances that could arise. In my opinion, the market is risky enough even without borrowing money to invest. It's one thing to not pay extra principle on a mortgage in order to invest in the market, but your proposal is a different story. While there may be late fees associated with a mortgage payment, a fixed-rate mortgage will not change if you are late on payments. Conversely, with balance transfer credit card schemes, they can jack up your rate for any reason possible. I read an article that the most common way to end up with a credit card rate of over 23% is to start with a 0% balance transfer rate. Additionally, the transfer fee paid for these schemes can significantly increase the stated rate of the credit card. Ultimately, becoming debt-free, building an emergency fund, and then investing is the best approach. Building a solid financial foundation will make it much easier to make progress. With a proper foundation, your net worth will increase far more quickly than you may have ever thought possible."}
{"496": "\n\nGenerally, if a business incurs expenses during its trading process, those expenses are considered deductible. The disposal of waste is also typically considered a deductible expense."}
{"497": "\n\nI have received a response from the finance center. They have stated that it is irrelevant where I study; what matters is where I reside. Consequently, if I live in Germany, I am obliged to pay taxes there, regardless of the employer I work for. There are two methods to pay taxes: either the employer deducts it from the employee's salary or the employee pays it independently. If I were to work for a Swiss company, I would have to disclose my monthly or yearly earnings to the finance center."}
{"498": "\n\n\nWhile others have attempted to answer your question thoroughly, I'm afraid they've provided incorrect information. There are no standard terms for the scenario you've presented. However, various options are emerging for this specific scheme, such as the UK Government's \"Help to Buy\" initiative. Under this initiative, accommodation is offered at a regular rate, and a small portion of rent is saved each month towards a deposit for a mortgage. This deposit is handed over to a mortgage provider at the end of a fixed term period. It's possible that the confusion lies in terminology, as the scenario that others have described could fall under the same name you've used. \n\nThe other scenario involves an investor who owns a property and may consider selling it. They may be happy to negotiate the price upfront for the following year, setting the rent and price higher than the market rate because of the risk of loss should the market improve. During that year, they gain about $1,000 per month but investing $100,000 would provide a return of 12%, or just 4.8% if the property's value is over $250,000, which is more likely. This isn't a bad rate, but considering maintenance and other factors, they may still be losing potential profits. Should the market improve, however, the investor would suffer a loss, since renting the property at 15% below the market value equates to a 10.2% total loss.\n\nIt's essential to review the terms before signing any agreements. Please note that while I'm not familiar with the US housing market, this is based on my experience with the UK market."}
{"499": "\n\nJust like individuals, businesses have bond ratings, which reflect their creditworthiness. Nowadays, it's a common practice for companies to issue low-rate bonds as a way of demonstrating their financial strength. This strategy also allows them to keep the possibility of additional borrowing open, like when pursuing an acquisition. Microsoft might benefit from building a solid credit reputation, as this can garner familiarity among investors, leading to the purchase of their bonds at lower rates when borrowing larger sums. This would mitigate any assumption that the company is facing financial issues and thereby avoid demands for higher interest rates."}
{"500": "\n\n\nRevised:\n\nYour post has various questions, but I will focus only on how to value the ESPP. When valuing this option, it is important to consider what the market would charge you for it today, rather than what you might sell the shares for in the future. In general, an option is worth much less than the underlying share itself. \n\nFor instance, if you work at a public company, and your exercise price for the options is $.30, and you can only exercise those options until the end of today, and the cost of the shares on the public stock exchange is also $.30, then your option is worth nothing, as you have the same 'strike price' as everyone else in the market. However, having the right to a specific strike price gives you value, which means you can take advantage of the upside in share price gains without risking any money on share losses. \n\nTo value the options, if it is a public company with an active options market, you can compare your $.30 strike price with the value of call options in the market that have a $.30 strike price. That becomes the value to you of the option. Though finding an exact match for the terms of your vesting period is unlikely, this should give you a good starting point. \n\nIn a public company without an active options market, you will need to do some estimation. For example, if a current share is worth $.25 (close to your strike price), then your option is worth only a little bit. You can compare other shares in your industry/company size to get examples that show the relative value between an option and a share. If the current share price is worth $.35, then your option is worth about $.05 (that is, the $.05 profit you could get by immediately exercising and selling, plus a bit more for an option on a share that you can't buy in the open market). \n\nIn the case of a private company, you need to be clear on how shares are valued and what methods you have available to sell back to the company/other individuals. You can then consider, as explained above, how to value the option for a share versus the share itself. The value of a small number of shares is, however, very nebulous without a clear way to sell your shares of a private company. \n\nGiven the valuation of $2/share (while ensuring these are the same share classes you have the option to buy), your option would be worth a little more than $1.70 if you did not have to wait 4 years to exercise it. This would mean total compensation of approximately $10k if you were to exercise it today. However, as many people do not work for an early job for as long as 4 years, you should consider how much this will reduce the value of the ESPP for you personally. This compensation may not necessarily be a motivating factor, particularly when compared to a salary of 90k. Note that the valuation of $2/share of the private company should be taken with a grain of salt since the company is not public."}
{"501": "\n\nBased on data provided on the Vanguard page, calculating the S&P returns appeared to be the most straightforward option. After consulting MoneyChimp, it was confirmed that Vanguard was displaying compound annual growth rate (CAGR), not arithmetic average. It should be noted that while Vanguard uses the Standard & Poor's 90 from 1926 through March 3, 1957 for U.S. stock market returns, MoneyChimp relies on data from Robert Shiller's site, which earned him a Nobel Prize."}
{"502": "\n\nRevised: At first, the idea seemed unrealistic. Who would pay a higher price for something that was currently available cheaper? However, to my surprise, the market price for the company\u2019s stock rose to $5.50 the following week. This behavior seemed irrational as the stock had been range-bound between $4.5 to $5 for most of the past six months. The last time it reached $5.50 was in February. It was strange that people mistakenly believed that the company was worth $5.50 and available inexpensively. \n\nIf the company had set the price of the rights offering at $6.00, would the stock price have increased to $6.00? The company values its shares at that price, but would the market agree? This question cannot be answered definitively as rights issues are typically priced slightly lower than the market price. \n\nManagement believes that the company is worth that much, but why did the market suddenly agree? Without any additional information, it is difficult to determine. If the new shares had special privileges such as voting rights or dividends, then it might make sense for investors to pay a higher price. However, according to the announcement, the rights issue is for common shares."}
{"503": "\n\nTo claim an input tax credit, the seller must have collected the tax, regardless of whether they were required to or not. Contact the seller to obtain an invoice that specifies the GST/HST, if applicable, as well as the seller's GST/HST number, which should be printed on all invoices. If the seller is not incorporating GST/HST in their Kickstarter prices, it would be helpful to understand how they are able to do so."}
{"504": "\n\nIt appears that your primary worry is being charged with \"smurfing\" or \"structuring,\" which involves depositing cash or checks in amounts below the 10k limit to avoid reporting requirements. Even individuals like small business owners have been investigated for depositing less than the limit. If your deposits constantly exceed 10k, they will be reported, and you should not attract any unwanted attention from the IRS or FBI. For more information on this topic, refer to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structuring."}
{"505": "\n\nYes, it is certainly achievable to improve your credit worthiness within 18 months. To start, you can establish some credit history by obtaining a secured credit card. After six months, you can use this as a basis to apply for several unsecured credit cards. However, as a student, your truthful income will likely limit you to low credit limits. It is recommended that you spend less than 30% of these limits, as this will not be a significant amount of money. Think of your credit scores as a spendable balance. Every time you make a new inquiry, some of that balance is spent, but low utilization can help you earn more of it. If you use the right approach, your credit scores will trend upwards, and you can take advantage of these highs to time additional inquiries. Please note that my answer is tailored to the specific question asked and does not constitute financial advice. Keep in mind that impulsive spending can lead to poor credit, so it is important to be responsible with your credit usage."}
{"506": "\n\nI can't fathom why a US ID would be obligatory in any part of the UK since they have their own tax IDs. Nonetheless, if the gallery mandates US individuals to furnish US W-9, then it's mandatory to comply with this obligation."}
{"507": "\n\nRevised: Dividend-paying securities typically have dependable cash flows, specifically apparent in telecom, electric, or gas utilities, which experience consistent revenues and sell goods at regulated prices. These companies are capable of maintaining stable dividend payouts due to their \"sticky\" business models, which are insulated from cyclic factors. Conversely, cyclic investments like the Dow Jones Industrial Average or Gold are more sensitive to fluctuations in the economy, although their cycles may not align. The Dow Jones Industrial Average comprises 30 large industrial stocks while Gold is a commodity that spikes during times of uncertainty. By assessing a stock's \"Alpha\" and \"Beta,\" you can gain an understanding of its behavior relative to the overall market during upward and downward trends."}
{"508": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I don't have personal opinions, but based on the information provided, it can be revised as:\n\nIt is recommended to consider investing in bond funds despite the low-interest rate environment. You may want to explore the \"lazy man's portfolio\" on Bogleheads for some helpful insights. The rationale behind this is:"}
{"509": "\n\nAfter reviewing the plan documentation, it is clear that each bank debit purchase, whether one-time or automatic, will incur a cost of $2 in addition to $0.06 per share. For instance, if you decide to invest $50, the resulting amount of stock you would receive is slightly under $48, dependent on the per-share price.\n\nThe Schedule of Fees for this plan is outlined below:\n\n- A one-time enrollment fee of $15.00 will be deducted from the purchase amount to set up a new account for a non-shareholder.\n- During dividend reinvestment, The Hershey Company will pay both the transaction fee and per-share* fee on your behalf.\n- Each optional cash purchase made once using online bank debit incurs a transaction fee of $2.00, as well as $0.06 per share* purchased.\n- Each optional cash purchase using a check incurs a transaction fee of $5.00, as well as $0.06 per share* purchased.\n- If you choose to have funds automatically deducted from your checking or savings account, the transaction fee is $2.00 plus $0.06 per share* purchased. On the 10th of each month, funds will be withdrawn, unless the 10th falls on a non-business day, in which case it will be withdrawn on the preceding business day. \n- All fees will be deducted from the purchase amount.\n- A fee of $35.00 will be charged for returned checks and rejected ACH debits."}
{"510": "\n\nPassive index funds typically outperform actively managed funds because they have lower fees and track the performance of a broad market index. Therefore, it is generally more beneficial to choose low-fee investment options with adequate diversification to achieve desired risk exposure. Instead of focusing on technical definitions and premises, it is important to consider practical factors when making investment decisions."}
{"511": "\n\nRevised: A stock split has the potential to trigger a short squeeze for penny stocks, resulting in an increase in their value. For instance, if an individual shorts a non-valuable pump and dump stock by procuring 10,000 shares at $0.50, they must deposit $25,000.00 as margin ($2.50 per share for stocks under $2.50). However, if the company declares a 3 to 1 split, the short investor has to provide an additional $50,000.00 as margin or risk being \"bought in.\" As a result, a short squeeze may occur."}
{"512": "Here is the information I found regarding working in New York state as a minor. While there are special instructions for minors, the working hours are slightly more strict than federal labor laws. For the minimum wage, babysitting is not subject to the law, but the Youth Minimum Wage Program allows employees under 20 to earn a minimum of $4.25 for their first 90 consecutive days. There is no documentation of exception in New York state minimum wage law regarding this. As for federal income tax withholding, it is not required for household employees, but can be submitted with a W-4. Withholding state income tax from wages paid to household employees is voluntary according to NYS Pub 27. FICA taxes do not need to be withheld for employees under the age of 18, unless providing household services is their primary occupation, in which case it must be counted. Federal unemployment tax may not be required, and there is an exception for paying state unemployment insurance for daytime students who attend elementary or high school. Aside from hours worked and rate of pay, consider requirements from the Wage Theft Prevention Act and the NY Minimum Wage Act for record keeping."}
{"513": "\n\nFirstly, it is not advisable to save money in a tax-sheltered vehicle as you will be paying very little tax, making it essentially pointless to contribute. Additionally, when withdrawing your contributions, you will still be taxed. While tax-free compounding for 40 years may seem appealing, it is better to start after you begin earning more than a stipend.\n\nSecondly, it is recommended to have at least a month's worth of expenses readily available in case of emergencies, which for you would be $1500. Saving $100 per month is a reasonable pace, but it will take over a year to accumulate your emergency fund. However, since you are renting your home and do not have a car, the typical emergencies such as home or car repairs are not likely to happen to you. Therefore, ask yourself how much you would need if you lost all your possessions, including clothing and furniture, and keep in mind any insurance you have. \n\nHealth costs are the only emergency expense I cannot estimate since I live in Canada. Given the tight budget of a graduate student, I would suggest getting a credit card with a limit of $2000 as your emergency fund. It is important to note that if you manage to save up $1500, do not be too hard on yourself. Do not delay your graduation by forcing yourself to save an extra $200 per month for 2-3 years, as the economic hit of delaying your graduation will be far greater than the 5-7k saved over those few years. It is crucial to keep your mental and physical health in check during your studies. Do you know what you can expect to earn when you graduate?"}
{"514": "\n\nSquare is required to report all of their expenses as part of their corporate taxes. The money they send to you is not considered income for the company, but they include the payment amount, along with your Social Security Number or corporate tax ID, on their tax form. The IRS uses this information to match expenses with income. However, if the expense listed by Square does not match any reported income on your tax form, the IRS will consider it unreported income. If you have not reported other expenses, the IRS will assume your expenses are zero. As a business owner, you are now subject to various tax and reporting requirements from the Federal, state, and local governments. It is highly recommended that you hire a professional accounting and tax service to assist you in fulfilling these obligations."}
{"515": "\n\nAMD is implementing more than just staff layoffs to turn their business around. Their recent earnings report includes the sale of real estate and other strategies. Investors are hopeful that these efforts will positively impact the company's stock. However, it's important to distinguish between genuine positive news and random fluctuations in the market. Sometimes, layoffs are accompanied by plans for improving future profits. This is what shareholders want to hear - what steps is management taking to move the company forward and increase profits in the future."}
{"516": "\n\nIn summary, exchanging stock for the elimination of debt is a taxable event with potential gains or losses for both the investor and the bank. Banks typically do not accept stocks as collateral due to their volatility, but stock brokers may offer loans through margin accounts. The amount borrowed should be carefully considered to avoid potential margin calls if the stock value decreases. When the loan exceeds a certain percentage of the stock value, brokers may sell the stock to repay the loan, resulting in a potential capital gain or loss for the investor. This sale will affect the investor's taxes regardless of who receives the proceeds."}
{"517": "\n\nI have experience trading options, but not in a professional capacity. I am unfamiliar with the terminology, but my understanding is that it refers to how far an option is in-the-money, relative to the distinct strike prices for a given option series. An option series consists of a combination of underlying symbol, expiration date, and option type (call/put), such as all January 2015 XYZ calls for a particular strike. \n\nTo illustrate, if stock XYZ is currently trading at $11 and the available January 2015 XYZ calls have strike prices of $6, $8, $10, $12, $14, and $16, then the $10 call would be considered one strike in the money, the $8 call would be two strikes in the money, and so on. The $12 and $14 calls would be considered one and two strikes out of the money, respectively. \n\nHowever, this measurement is relative to both the current underlying price (which changes quickly) and the strike prices available for the given option series. As a software developer, I find it imprecise and would recommend specifying contract strikes in dollar terms when it matters. This terminology may have arisen due to the frequent use of options that are at- or near-the-money in various option strategies. Nonetheless, I suggest avoiding it and using specific examples to describe strategies accurately."}
{"518": "\n\nWhat would the financial institution require to feel comfortable with these regulations? They would need to see the LLC Operating Agreement, which should specify the allocation of equity, assets, income, loss, and managerial powers and signature authorities of the members. In your case, the agreement should state that the LLC is a single-member entity, and this member has all the managerial powers and authorities - aka \"member-managed.\" An operating agreement is required for every LLC, and although not required to be filed or recorded with the State, if you don't have one, default rules will apply based on State law. Nonetheless, the bank will likely not accept you as a customer without a specific OA."}
{"519": "\n\nWhy are home loans cheaper than gold loans? The answer lies in the level of risk. When an individual borrows money that is secured by gold, the lender has to take on extra risk. As a result, the lender passes on the cost to the borrower in the form of higher interest rates. This is why home loans are cheaper compared to other types of loans. These loans are secured by a property, which is an asset that usually holds its value. Properties are easily traceable, unlike gold which can be hidden or moved. Furthermore, properties can be sold off in order to pay off a loan that is in default. This makes them relatively liquid assets."}
{"520": "\n\nIf you are paying into Employment Insurance benefits and qualify for regular benefits based on your job, then owning a side business would not affect your eligibility for the workshare program alone. This is because many people have businesses with no income or very little income. The only time that owning a side business would impact your eligibility is if the income generated crosses a specific threshold, in which case you may have to repay a portion of your EI benefits. Additional information on this topic can be found in the Globe & Mail's Report on Business site and the Service Canada web site. The Work-Sharing Applicant Guide confirms that any earnings received in excess of 40% or $75 (whichever is greater) of the participant's weekly benefit rate from sources other than Work-Sharing employment will be deducted from the Work-Sharing benefits payable in that week. Lastly, the Gowlings article from 2009 is also another interesting source of information on the workshare program."}
{"521": "\n\nNot all debt should be viewed as negative. If it has a reasonable interest rate, there may be no immediate need to pay it off. While index funds offer an affordable and simple way to distribute your funds across different resources, asset allocation is just one investment approach among many. Ideally, your investment strategy should align with your goals, tax situation, and risk tolerance. You should aim for a portfolio that adjusts to varying market conditions and employs a range of investment strategies, including beta and alpha. Most importantly, you should prioritize systematic risk management across all aspects of your investments."}
{"522": "\n\n\nTo ensure a smooth sale transaction, it's crucial to have the loan paid off and the title in your possession prior to selling your car privately. Unnecessary paperwork can make the process even more challenging. There are various methods to clear the car loan balance, and the choice is yours. Using a credit card without incurring any additional costs would be a wise option to consider."}
{"523": "\n\nWhile federal income taxes can be considered expenses, they are not deductible on your 1120. Typically, Federal Income Tax Expense is a subcategory under Taxes, and will be a book-to-tax difference on Schedule M-1. It's important to note that this applies to C corporations, as S corporations usually pass on this liability to their members. If you're paying your personal 1040 taxes from an S-corporation bank account, it should be treated as an owner's draw, like any other personal non-business expense. It's highly recommended that you work with a tax professional when preparing your corporate tax returns, as it can be more complicated than what TurboTax Business makes it out to be. Please be aware that any tax advice in this communication is not intended to help you avoid penalties under federal tax law."}
{"524": "\n\nI believe the OP may be confused about financial designations. It seems that they are looking for a financial advisor instead of an investment advisor. It's unclear whether they have investments or not and whether they want advice on which securities to purchase or overall financial planning, such as savings, insurance, tax-shelters, retirement planning, and mortgages. These require a different skill set from accountants who specialize in operating business reporting, taxes, and keeping businesses healthy and growing. Although accountants can do personal tax returns, they may not be experts in financial planning and optimization. In my opinion, the OP should educate themselves on these topics rather than rely on accreditations that may not necessarily indicate expertise. For example, some major planner brands teach incorrect information about RRSPs, which are vital to Canadians' finances."}
{"525": "\n\nPlaid is the solution you've been searching for! Its documentation is straightforward, and by registering with their API, you can take advantage of their free tier and begin right away. For instance, a sample request that links a user to Plaid and obtains their transaction data (in JSON):"}
{"526": "\n\nAccording to the language, you are not obliged to pay taxes if the interest income is not linked to a US trade or business. However, since the interest is earned through conducting business with or via AirBnb (a US-based entity), it is reportable. Even if your bank does not send you a 1099-INT, you must report it, unless it is lower than $0.49 due to IRS rounding regulations."}
{"527": "\n\nIn addition to Chris Rea's insightful answer, tender offers may be made with the intention of undermining the current market price. For instance, a large public company that contracts with a smaller supplier or service company, which is also public, may offer a tender below the market price. This may cause the market to question the relationship between the two companies and speculate on whether the larger company has information about the smaller one that the public is unaware of. \n\nHowever, when investors lose confidence in a stock, they tend to sell, causing a rise in supply, a decrease in demand, and subsequently, a drop in the share price. The company making the tender offer may then acquire shares via the offer or the open market. Nonetheless, this strategy is usually short-lived and successful only when the company is a dominant player who can impose their terms on other parties. Additionally, these offers are closely scrutinized by the SEC, and if the larger company is found to be engaging in predatory behavior, or if its management is exploiting insider information for personal gain, the approach may backfire with the company becoming the subject of legal action by the SEC or DOJ."}
{"528": "\n\nManaging your finances on a daily basis can be unnecessarily complicated. Unless you're living paycheck to paycheck, constantly asking yourself if you can afford your basic needs can be overwhelming. To simplify things, start by creating a list of your bills. This includes both fixed monthly payments like your mortgage and variable expenses like your electric bill. For bills that come less frequently, like a quarterly water bill or twice yearly property taxes, calculate what you need to set aside each month. Be sure to round up or give a little extra cushion for unexpected expenses. \n\nWhile groceries may be more difficult to budget for, it's important to track your spending for a few months to determine an average monthly cost. Also allocate a portion of your income towards savings and charitable contributions each month. Once you have a clear idea of your monthly expenses, subtract that from your income to determine your spending money. \n\nTo keep things organized, pay your bills twice a month when you get paid. Keep enough money in your checking account to cover your monthly expenses, plus a cushion for any errors or surprises. If done correctly, you should have enough money to cover your bills and spending without worrying about your balance on a daily basis. \n\nTo easily track your spending money, simply subtract your bills and credit card balances, then subtract your reserve amount. This leaves you with the amount you have available to spend. It's important to limit the number of credit cards you have to avoid confusion and keep balances under control. Using a spreadsheet to plan your monthly spending can be helpful, but trust your actual account balance for accuracy. With a clear budget and some financial discipline, managing your money can be a lot simpler than it seems."}
{"529": "\n\nI keep a digital record of all my receipts and ensure timely input into my accounting program to avoid any potential lapses. To simplify the process, any digital system, even recording the sums in a spreadsheet and files labeled with dates for receipts, can be effective. Despite this convenience, I also retain physical copies of all receipts in a designated box. While I don't anticipate needing these hard copies, they serve as a backup in case an unforeseen event occurs with my computer and backup files."}
{"530": "\n\nThe technical feature allows for three options: (1) blocking all ACH activity, (2) blocking all ACH credits, or (3) blocking all ACH debits that attempt to post to the deposit account. While larger financial institutions typically adhere strictly to company policies and do not offer such features for personal accounts, smaller institutions and credit unions are more open to discussing options. If you maintain a large deposit balance or have multiple products with the institution, you may be able to convince them of the importance of this feature and request that they block all ACH activity on your account. This feature is commonly used on controlled asset accounts where the balance must be frozen for various reasons."}
{"531": "\n\nRevised: You can invest in dividend stocks by simply buying and holding them. These types of stocks provide a regular cash payout or extra stocks every quarter. Additionally, you can further increase your earnings by selling covered calls on your dividend stocks. While there are other strategies to explore, it's best to start with buying and holding dividend stocks."}
{"532": "\n\nOf course, acquiring new shares can dilute the value of existing shareholders' stock. It's similar to buying milk at a supermarket, where you exchange money for the product. Similarly, acquiring shares in a company such as WhatsApp typically involves going through an approval process, which includes the board of directors representing shareholders. In some cases, the entire body of shareholders may need to vote on the deal, although I'm uncertain if this was necessary in the case mentioned."}
{"533": "\n\nThe returns of over 20% in mutual funds are not a free lunch; they represent compensation for the associated risk. Given the surge in returns, it's fair to assume that there is significant risk involved, leading to a higher chance of substantial losses in the future. Putting substantial funds into these mutual funds involves a gamble that might or might not pay off. Assuming that your friend pays you a reasonable rent, you are not losing money regarding the market. You are earning less because you have invested in a less risky asset. However, if you seek higher returns, you could consider selling your home or borrowing money to invest in the market, where you might make more significant profits. But remember, high-risk ventures come with a higher chance of substantial losses, and no one can promise a 20% return on such investments. A wise approach to investing is to diversify your portfolio, including stocks, bonds, and real estate. If you want to minimize risk and are willing to receive lower returns, put more money into safe assets. However, if you are willing to take greater risks for the possibility of higher returns, move more assets into riskier investments. Suppose you are comfortable taking on extreme risks in search of extreme returns. In that case, you might want to consider borrowing money to invest in high-risk ventures. Remember that anything promising high returns most likely carries high risk as well."}
{"534": "I'm up for the challenge. Before diving in, it's important to ask two separate, yet related questions: how trustworthy are these sites, and what are their sources of income? A trustworthy site will be transparent about how they generate revenue. If you can't find any information on their payment methods or why they're paying you, it's probably best to walk away. As the saying goes, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Ads and surveys are common sources of income for these sites, with some offering gift cards or airline miles as compensation. While they won't replace a full-time income, they can be a useful way to earn extra cash.\n\nWhen it comes to taxes, most of these sites pay out low amounts in non-cash compensation, such as gift cards. Technically, this income should be reported on your tax return under hobby income, but it's unlikely the IRS will come after you for failing to do so. If you're earning significant amounts (more than $20-30 a year), it's best to keep track of expenses and report it as business income on your taxes.\n\nTo determine whether a site is a scam, keep your eyes peeled for red flags. If they're asking for personal or financial information without adequate explanation, that's a sign to walk away. Check internet reviews, BBB ratings, FTC information, and other relevant sources to see if there's any negative information about the site. Contact information is also crucial - if they don't have a phone number or a physical address, move along. Finally, trust your instincts. If it feels like a scam, it probably is."}
{"535": "\n\nYour rationale for the tax-efficient allocation of your assets is sound. In terms of tax efficiency, ETFs generally outperform their equivalent mutual funds, though the extent of the advantage would vary depending on the specific fund and ETF being evaluated. However, an exception to this rule is the Vanguard family of funds and ETFs, which exhibit identical tax efficiency since the ETFs are simply a different share class of the respective mutual fund."}
{"536": "\n\nYou can invest in stocks through your IRA just like you would with a regular investment account. When setting up an account with a retail provider such as TDAmeritrade, you will have access to all the allowable options for that account. It's important to note that there are limits on how much you can contribute to your IRA each year. As of 2015, the maximum annual contribution is $5,500, while those over age 50 may contribute up to $6,500. Additionally, your IRA contribution cannot exceed your total earned income. Income that is not derived from work is not eligible. Finally, the amount you can deduct from your contribution is also dependent on your income and whether or not you or your spouse have an employer-sponsored retirement plan."}
{"537": "\n\nRevised:\n\nTo contribute to a Traditional IRA, you must have compensation, and the contribution limit is the smaller of your compensation or $5500 ($6000 for those aged 50 or older). Additionally, compensation includes earnings from self-employment, commissions, alimony, and other sources (excluding income from property, pensions, certain partnerships, and annuities). However, you cannot contribute if you are 70.5 years or older in the year of contribution. If you do not have compensation, but your spouse does, you can still contribute as long as you file a joint tax return. The contribution limit remains the same, and the total contributions for both spouses must not exceed their total earned income. Note, these rules do not apply to whether the contribution is deductible. If you meet the above requirements, you are eligible to make contributions, but the deduction amount depends on your income. High incomes may not be eligible for a deduction. Unlike Traditional IRAs, high-income earners cannot contribute to Roth IRAs. Lastly, the source of cash for the contribution does not matter. You do not have to prove that the contributed cash came from compensation. For further information, refer to Publication 590, available at www.irs.gov."}
{"538": "\n\nAlthough it typically requires a significant amount of capital, there are opportunities for seed funding and angel investments in startups that don't involve venture capital. While these investments may be relatively small at tens of thousands of dollars versus millions, the lower valuations early on allow for a substantial portion of equity to be obtained in a company with strong leadership and operating in a promising market. If you're interested, Paul Graham of Y-Combinator has written several articles discussing this investment approach from both perspectives. However, it's critical to note that investing in startups is a high-risk endeavor, albeit with the potential for significant returns if you can identify successful startups, acquire equity, and help them succeed. This type of investment is far from hands-off; you'll need to build connections within the startup community and may become personally involved in the day-to-day operations of the businesses in which you invest."}
{"539": "\n\nAs a long-time Quicken user, I have found a solution to run Quicken on my Mac using Bootcamp. However, this requires a Windows license and is only supported on OS 10.7 and 10.8 for Windows 7. While Quicken on Bootcamp is not perfect, it is still better than the Mac version. Additionally, the Quicken 2013 mobile app allows for easy access to data entry and viewing on the go. Unfortunately, the Mac version of Quicken has received negative reviews from users and it seems that Intuit is not interested in expanding their market share among Mac users. There are alternative personal finance software options available, but I am hesitant about using web-based providers due to privacy concerns. While these providers may claim secure practices, there is always a risk in giving a third party access to sensitive financial information such as account numbers and passwords."}
{"540": "\n\nYou currently own two properties, and while the value of Property B is lower than what you owe on it, there's hope that you have enough equity in Property A. If this is the case, it makes sense to approach a single lender and refinance both properties under one mortgage. This strategy can help you leverage the combined equity in both properties to potentially cover the entire loan amount while also securing better interest rates and terms. Based on your interest rate of 3.25%, it seems like you are based in the USA, while I am residing in Australia with current mortgage rates ranging from 6.3% to 6.6%."}
{"541": "\n\nWhen you reside in your own rental property, it no longer qualifies as a 'rental property'. Instead, it becomes your primary residence and you are no longer eligible for tax deductions related to rental properties."}
{"542": "\n\nIn my opinion, student loans are a form of debt that should be repaid promptly. While purchasing a house can be costly and risky with expenses such as maintenance and repairs, managing a student loan can make it even more challenging. Personally, I would prioritize repaying several of the loans before taking on additional financial responsibilities."}
{"543": "\n\nA bullish or long call spread involves two separate option trades, with strike prices denoted as A/B. The first leg, corresponding to strike price B, involves selling a call option at that price ($165 in this case) and using the proceeds to offset the cost of the second leg. The second leg, corresponding to strike price A ($145), entails purchasing a call option. The payoff of the strategy can be calculated using the following formula, where P represents the profit, K1 and K2 are the strike prices, T1 and T2 are the premiums paid and received, respectively, and S is the current stock price: P = (T2 - max(0, S - K2)) + (max(0, S - K1) - T1). Applying this formula to Nathan's proposed strategy, with current prices at the time of the calculation, yields a payoff (-$7.80), which takes into account a single option contract and zero transaction costs. However, it is essential to factor in transaction costs when trading options, as they can significantly impact overall profitability."}
{"544": "\n\nIf you plan to buy ETFs regularly, such as a fixed amount per month, it may not be the best option due to fixed transaction costs often associated with buying stocks. However, no load mutual funds are more likely to have no transaction costs, depending on how they are bought. This statement is not definite as it depends on the method of purchase. Some brokerages may allow you to buy certain ETFs for free, making them a great option. It's important to avoid buying ETFs with high transaction costs if you have regular small transactions. \n\nThe last two questions seem to be asking whether it's better to buy mutual funds or stocks directly. For most people, buying stocks directly is not a good idea as they may not have the time or ability to do so effectively. They may also not have enough capital to make a difference when considering all of the involved costs. However, if you're interested in this avenue, start out small and consider the higher costs as part of the \"cost of doing business.\""}
{"545": "\n\nThere are several layers to the Momentum Theory described in the book, but generally speaking, the answer is yes, with some caveats. In the past, we've seen that the Nasdaq tends to be more volatile than the S&P and is closely tied to the tech industry's performance rather than the broader economy. However, this also means that the Nasdaq is heavily weighted towards several large companies, such as Apple, Google (Alphabet), Microsoft, Amazon, Intel, and Amgen, which may not align with your overall investment strategy.\n\nWhile gold is a viable investment option for a long-term strategy, it may not be the best for shorter-term moves due to additional costs associated with owning physical gold and potential inefficiencies of gold ETFs. If you believe that gold will appreciate in the long run, it may be worth considering as part of your investment portfolio.\n\nUltimately, all strategies are adaptable, and if you believe that gold will be a significant mover this year and want to use it as a risk hedge, it's ultimately up to your discretion."}
{"546": "\n\nPlease review the Morningstar Holdings to identify the top 25 holdings and their current prices. This will provide you with a reliable estimate of the fund's intra-day pricing."}
{"547": "\n\nCurrently, it is impossible to avoid registering for VAT. The legislation was introduced to prevent prominent developers from establishing themselves in a low-VAT country and selling apps to citizens of EU countries at a much lower VAT rate. To reclaim these funds, registering for VAT and submitting quarterly nil-returns is necessary, although it may be inconvenient. As outlined in a Kotaku article from 2014, the UK has an exemption for businesses earning less than \u00a381,000 a year, which eliminates the need to pay VAT on sales. However, none of the other EU member countries have such an exemption, so when the legislation was put in place, no exemption was factored in. This means that anyone who sells something digital to individuals in another EU country, regardless of the amount earned, must register for VAT in the UK and pay taxes at the buyer's residence rate. It's worth noting that this regulation only applies to those earning less than \u00a381,000 in sales made to individuals in the UK. Although Brexit may significantly impact the law, the regulations could change. The official Google link detailing how and which countries are affected is https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/138000?hl=en. Google is responsible for determining, collecting, and remitting VAT for all Google Play Store digital content purchases made by EU customers, as per VAT laws in the European Union (EU). VAT for EU customers' digital content purchases by Google will be sent to the appropriate authority. It is not necessary to calculate and send VAT separately for EU customers. This VAT regulation will apply even if you are not located in the EU."}
{"548": "\n\nLike most software, the outcome depends on the input. We utilize the ProSeries software, similar to TurboTax, but without the inconvenience of lengthy questionnaires, with a cost of $4500. Consider preparing your taxes online and consult a professional for further insight. Ensure to take only copies of necessary documents, as certain places might try to withhold them. This should be performed each time a significant event occurs, such as having a baby, purchasing a home, or starting a business. Although it may be more expensive, it could ultimately save you thousands. As a tax professional for seven years, I recommend this approach."}
{"549": "\n\nAs many have noted, the answer to this question varies based on the brokerage firm. Personally, I use Scottrade as my broker. With Scottrade, the commission is charged as soon as the order is filled. For example: If I purchase 100 shares of XYZ at $10 per share, Scottrade will immediately deduct $1007.02 from my account - this figure includes commissions and fees. When I engage in a sale transaction, the commission and fees are subtracted from the resulting sale price. If I sell 100 shares of XYZ at $11 per share, I will receive $1,092.98 in my account. However, I will have to wait three business days before I am able to use this money."}
{"550": "\n\nAlthough this comment is almost a year old, I would like to address something in Dynas' answer above. When trading, it is crucial to consider the perspective of the other party involved. We tend to forget that there is always someone on the opposing side who may have the opposite stance. Thus, it's important to keep in mind that trading is a zero-sum game. However, from the viewpoint of market makers, their primary goal is not necessarily to profit from your losses, but to earn money through the bid-offer spread and hedging their positions. To reduce their exposure in certain directions, a market maker might quote one side of the market lower than the best available bid or higher than the lowest offer. This approach may not affect exchange trading, but it is an essential factor to consider if you only have access to the prices provided by your broker/dealer, who acts as your counterparty."}
{"551": "\n\nRevised: Patterns exist within patterns, with short-term patterns like flags and pennants occurring within long-term patterns such as trend lines and channels. It's generally advisable to trade short-term patterns in line with the direction of the long-term pattern. For a demonstration, please refer to the attached chart of GPN. If you're interested in learning more about chart patterns, I highly recommend two books. The first is Richard W. Schabacker's book from the 1930s, which serves as the foundation of modern technical pattern analysis. The second is Peter Brandt's \"Technical Analysis and Stock Market Profits,\" which offers detailed analysis and shares trade examples from his experience as a professional commodity trader."}
{"552": "\n\nYou may be able to update the exchange rates once daily and clarify that any quoted prices in non-local currency are estimates only. However, if you plan on accepting multiple currencies for payment, it is important to research and comply with any related regulations. Additionally, building in a markup can be a valuable service to customers, if permitted. A search for \"currency converter\" on Google yields various options, including the primary result of a reliable currency converter tool."}
{"553": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIf you are able to split your income over several years, you can benefit from multiple deductions, credits, and exemptions instead of applying them all in one year. This means that you can deduct two standard deductions rather than just one, double the max saved in an IRA, and benefit more from non-refundable credits. However, you cannot include anything from Year 2 when filing your taxes in Year 1. While there are situations where other year profit/loss can affect your tax liability, they are primarily limited to businesses. If interested, you can learn more about it by researching Loss Carry Forwarded/Back. \n\nIn regards to the proposed '30% simple rate,' while it may sound simple to say, it is not as easy to implement. For example, eliminating the Mortgage Interest Deduction would cause home prices to plummet. Removing other deductions, such as Student Loan Interest or State Income Tax, would punish people. Additionally, there are other complexities such as selling stock, deducting mileage expenses for work, and taxes on employer-provided benefits such as health insurance, 401k's and IRA's. Simplifying the tax law has some merit, but it is crucial to acknowledge that the complexities of tax law reflect the complexities of life. Most tax laws have a purpose other than benefiting special interests and therefore cannot be ignored easily."}
{"554": "\n\nIf the account is not denominated in dollars, it doesn't make sense to have statements in dollars. These statements would be inaccurate for any significant period due to the constant fluctuation of exchange rates, causing significant accounting challenges. If knowing the USD equivalent is essential, it is best to perform the conversion manually using Excel or similar software."}
{"555": "\n\nThe meaning of institutional ownership has changed significantly. In the past, it referred to entities such as mutual funds and investment banks. However, at present, it mainly encompasses pension funds and insiders who hold the remaining equity assets directly. As a result, since most investors do not have direct equity ownership, the term \"institutions\" now represents nearly 100% ownership of major equities. Nevertheless, some sources still categorize the data based on other criteria."}
{"556": "\n\nDerivatives derive value from underlying assets, and this value is expressed through the obligation of at least one counterparty to trade with the other in the future. The possibilities for these trades are limitless, as they fall under the realm of contractual agreements. For futures, a buyer and a seller are obligated to exchange assets for a specific price at a future date. If you \"short\" a future, you agree to sell the underlying asset at the specified time. If the price of the asset increases before the future date, you will have to sell at a loss. The severity of the loss is determined by the magnitude of the price increase. To ensure payment, you must provide margin, which covers your payment obligations in the event of a loss. Without margin, derivative bets could cause catastrophic market disruption. Similarly, when you short a stock, you borrow the stock, sell it, and await payment. You must maintain a balance with the broker to cover any losses that may arise as a result of significant movements in the market."}
{"557": "\n\nAccording to Investopedia, a last minute market order is placed just before the close of trading. While this order does not guarantee the closing price, it typically results in a similar price depending on the market's liquidity and the security's bid-ask spread. Traders who anticipate significant market movements in the final minutes of trading may choose to use this strategy in hopes of obtaining a more favorable price."}
{"558": "\n\nAfter trading with stochastic, I have come to understand that it is crucial to reference other indicators (such as SMA/EMA/Bollinger Bands and RSI) in order to verify trades prior to entering them. Stochastic relies solely on speed and is not affected by price or volume. The adjusted K% can transform you from a day trader into a swing trader, and even a long-term investor. It is important to adjust your K% according to the chart time-frame. The stochastic setup will differ for time-frames ranging from 1 minute to yearly. Attempting to switch between time-frames too frequently without adjusting the K% can lead to confusion and potential losses. Using charts rather than spreadsheets provides a more visual representation of oscillators."}
{"559": "\n\nnot needed at the moment.\n\nI choose not to contribute to the timelines since I either agree or remain indifferent, and therefore, my input is not required at this time."}
{"560": "\n\nThere are numerous ways to engage in trading, including practicing rules-based trading, which is typically utilized by professionals. You can establish a set of regulations to govern your buy and sell decisions based on the price fluctuations of your selected security. For those seeking further education on the topic, I highly recommend visiting systemtradersuccess.com, a well-written blog that provides useful information without inundating you with sales pitches. This platform offers comprehensive guidance on developing and assessing trading systems. If you choose to pursue this avenue, I suggest reading Charles Wright's \"Trading As A Business,\" which delves into the technical aspects of constructing trading systems using the powerful Tradestation trading platform. Although it carries a hefty monthly fee (~$99/mo), it is a valuable tool for advanced traders. However, you do not need the Tradestation platform to grasp these principles, and with intermediate-level spreadsheet skills, you can conduct your own backtests. For example, check out the Larry Connors' \"2 period RSI system\" evaluation at http://systemtradersuccess.com/connors-2-period-rsi-update-2014/, and gain a better understanding of this specific trading system by viewing this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_h9P8dqN4Y.\n\nPlease note that this is not a recommendation to adopt this or any particular trading system, nor is it a suggestion that utilizing these tools or websites ensures guaranteed profits. Trading involves a substantial degree of risk, and it is possible to incur substantial losses. Best of luck!"}
{"561": "\n\nA few years ago, it was possible to buy dollar coins from the US Mint at face value with no shipping. This program was designed to promote the use of dollar coins. However, some people took advantage of this program by purchasing large quantities of coins with credit cards, gaining rewards, depositing the coins in the bank, and paying off the credit cards. The program is no longer available. Credit card companies were aware of this potential issue and did not allow similar rewards for cash advances because their goal is to make money, unlike the US Mint."}
{"562": "\n\nThere are various ways to acquire assets without making a purchase. It is possible to inherit assets, receive them as gifts, obtain them through a lawsuit (although obtaining a mall through a lawsuit is unlikely), or acquire them through marriage. Thus, buying is not the only method of asset acquisition."}
{"563": "\n\nAs a resident of the Philippines, I understand that I can only claim medical expenses from one health insurance policy, even if I have multiple policies. In the United States, multiple claims for medical bills or reimbursement cannot be submitted to different insurance companies. However, if coverage is provided by more than one policy and a claim is not paid by one company, the remaining balance can be submitted to another insurance company covering the same individual. Typically, employer-provided insurance coverage must be billed first, and any remaining cost is covered by private insurance. These insurance policies can be expensive and have large deductibles, with coverage only kicking in after the deductible has been met. Such policies usually payout to only a few individuals because of their high deductibles. Conversely, full-fledged coverage insurance policies pay much smaller deductibles and payouts occur more frequently. Some professional groups in the United States offer major medical coverage to their US members, which may cover non-US members as well, although this is not a certainty."}
{"564": "\n\nOne of the fundamental principles of technical analysis is that holding a security overnight requires a significant commitment. This implies that traders are likely to close their positions before the market closes and reopen them when it opens."}
{"565": "\n\nRevised: Simultaneously owning a stock through a fund and selling it short should have no net financial effect, similar to not owning the stock at all. This principle holds true for both personal finances and for the stock's price. Imagine a scenario where a group of index fund investors collectively owns and sells short 25% of Evil Oil Company's outstanding shares. This action effectively simulates selling their own company shares, which is typically not a viable option. Consequently, when 25% of the company stock becomes available in the market, the stock price declines. \n\nRegarding how this tactic affects personal finances, consider a scenario where the stock price rises, and the investors must return the borrowed shares to the lender. To do this, they purchase 1 million shares at market prices, hence driving prices up. Subsequently, they sell another million shares short, causing prices to drop. If enough investors apply this tactic, the stock price can be significantly affected, forcing the company's management to act in a manner that pleases the investors. Though, as an illustration, the company might issue a press release and sack the employee who demanded a bribe from your wife's estate to regain your investment business. However, this is not always the case."}
{"566": "\n\nThere are different ways to approach the analysis of who benefits from rising oil prices. Looking at it from a fundamental perspective may provide a high-level understanding; however, the impact on individual sectors and companies is more nuanced. For instance, higher oil prices may have a positive effect on electric car producers but negatively affect branded clothes manufacturers compared to discount clothes retailers.\n\nAnother approach is to use statistical analysis. I conducted a quick and preliminary correlation study between the various S&P sector indices and crude oil prices. The results suggest that materials and energy stocks should perform well with rising oil prices. However, this is a generalized behavior at the group level, and it may not apply to individual companies within those sectors. For instance, some companies in the materials sector may benefit from higher oil prices, while others may be adversely affected.\n\nOne way to gain exposure to these sectors is by investing in exchange-traded funds (ETFs) such as XLB and XLE in the US. Alternatively, one can conduct a correlation analysis for each stock within the S&P 500 index and create a portfolio of the most correlated stocks. This analysis is based on monthly returns over ten years after adjusting for the market component of each sector. The two critical columns to consider are:"}
{"567": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows:\n\nTo begin with, it's important to clarify that you don't actually \"co-sign a car.\" What you likely mean is that you co-signed a loan, which was then used to purchase a car. Once you sign a loan agreement, you are legally responsible for repaying it. This means that until the loan is fully paid off, you will owe the full amount.\n\nEven if you didn't personally benefit from the car purchase, that doesn't change the fact that you've taken on debt. Lenders and courts are solely concerned with the loan agreement that you signed. So, regardless of who receives the car or its benefits, you are liable for the loan amount as long as it remains unpaid.\n\nIf you wish to resolve this situation and no longer be responsible for the loan, then you must pay back the amount that you borrowed. This is the only way to change your obligation to the lender and get out from under the debt."}
{"568": "\n\nIn certain cases, a company has a responsibility to distribute profits as either dividends or through a stock buyback program. However, activist investors regularly demand one or the other when a company is thriving, which may negatively impact future growth in some people's perceptions; in some cases, these investors may even file lawsuits against the company for failing to perform its duty to shareholders by holding onto cash. Apple is a notable example of a company that refused to distribute profits for several years under Steve Jobs, but eventually began providing both - a substantial dividend and a share buyback program that increases the remaining shares' value as the earnings-per-share (EPS) goes up with fewer shares available. Investors such as Carl Icahn often apply significant pressure, particularly when corporations are holding onto hundreds of billions of dollars. \n\nThe primary responsibility of a for-profit organization's board is to maximize shareholder wealth. As a result, the board can undertake various measures, such as buying back shares, paying dividends, selling or liquidating the company, or expanding the business as long as it justifies to the shareholders that it is still attempting to maximize their holdings' value. During the growth phase, corporations may not provide any return on investment; instead, they reinvest profits in the company. The long-term plan, however, is typically to either return funds in the form of dividends from earnings or through the company's sale."}
{"569": "\n\nRevised: To provide clarity, let's use an example. Let's say that in any given year, the revenue is 200K and the profit is 60K. In this scenario, you receive 40K in profit, plus your salary, and your partner gets 20K. However, if a competitor offers to buy the company and you accept, you would receive 100% of the proceeds, which could be a disadvantageous deal for your partner. You could manipulate the company's accounting to reduce profits and subsequently reduce your partner's pay. To avoid this, it is recommended to include a revenue metric in your partner's compensation. One solution would be to have his salary dependent on the revenue he generates. For example, if you can make a widget for 4 and sell it for 10, your profit would be 6. With a suggested split, your partner would receive $2, and you would receive $4. Another option is to have him receive 15% of the revenue generated, considering discounts for bulk items and the cost of processing sales. This method also allows him to share revenue with his staff. You could also consider a split, such as 7.5% of revenue and 10% of profit. It's great to hear that you value fair treatment for your partner, as honesty in business is essential for long-term success."}
{"570": "\n\nUnemployment insurance serves as a temporary safety net for workers who become unemployed by providing a portion of their salary for particular periods. As each state manages its own unemployment insurance program, it is important to note that the rules may differ from state to state. To receive unemployment insurance payments, it is crucial to have lost the job through no fault of one's own. If you quit your job, were let go due to poor performance or other valid reasons, you are not permitted to obtain unemployment insurance benefits. The unemployment insurance program in each state requires claimants to have worked for a certain duration before they can claim benefits.\n\nOnce applying for unemployment insurance, an agency in the state of residency will verify the conditions of a layoff by communicating with the former employer to ensure that the job was lost due to lack of work rather than the claimant's decision. Following this verification process, the weekly payment amount will be calculated based on a portion of the previous job\u2019s pay, usually between 20% to 50%, depending on the specific state. The purpose of the payment is to replace only a fraction of the previous salary and cover weekly essentials like food and utilities until the individual finds a new job.\n\nBefore obtaining benefits, there is typically a waiting period of one to two weeks.  If you secure a new role during this time, you will not be eligible for unemployment benefits, even if the pay is lower than the prior job. Employers fund the unemployment insurance program through payroll taxes. The employee's work history and earnings overall are important to qualify for unemployment benefits, but the money does not come from their paychecks. Several factors determine how much an employer should pay for unemployment insurance contributions, such as calculating based on the total number of former employees who received benefits.\n\nEmployers will pay taxes on an employee's base wages, which differ by state. An example of this is California where the employer tax is only for the first $7,000 of an employee's annual earnings; alternatively, Oregon charges tax on up to $32,000 annually. After catering for funds during the payroll period, employers must report taxes and pay state quarterly. Different categories of tax rates are charged by states to employers depending on various factors such as NJ employees might be more likely to qualify for Employee Retention Incentive Grants.\n\nWhen businesses operate above the board, they may receive discounts under the classification of the \"experienced rate.\" Depending on the number of workers a business has and how many former workers have claimed unemployment, states may grant considerable rate reductions. The fewer claims, the lower the rate a business may have to pay in unemployment insurance taxes. Covid-19 pandemic has forced the extension of unemployment insurance benefits as regular benefits last for a maximum of 26 weeks in most states. However, additional weeks of extended unemployment benefits are available during times of high unemployment. The unemployment extension legislation passed by Congress in February 2012 modified the way the tiers of Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC) are structured. A tier of unemployment equals an extension of a right amount of weeks of unemployment benefits, and there are currently four tiers of unemployment benefits on call that provide additional weeks of unemployment on top of basic state unemployment benefits. For more information, see the Unemployment Tiers link.\n\nState unemployment offices can provide useful resources for filing applications for unemployment insurance benefits over the internet. It is essential to note the About and eHow links shared for job seekers to glean relevant insights into the process."}
{"571": "\n\nI recently utilized my Chase Freedom card during the April-June period when they offered 5% cashback at grocery stores. Since gas cards were included in the promotion, I purchased a significant amount of them. Later, I attempted to buy grocery store gift cards at the end of the quarter with the intention of using them to buy gas cards in the future. Unfortunately, the store did not allow me to buy gift cards with a gift card, so I am now stuck with $1,000 in grocery cards until I use them for actual grocery purchases. However, the grocery store rewards program partners with a gas station, and for every $100 spent in-store, customers receive 10 cents off per gallon, which doubles to 20 cents off per gallon if you buy a $100 gift card. They also offer a coupon on the back of the receipt for an additional 10 cents off per gallon, which is doubled on Tuesdays. Although it seems that very few people take advantage of this program, I do. \n\nAs a side note, I changed the billing cycle of my Chase Freedom card to end on the 24th of the month. This allows me to charge a significant amount of rewards during the final 6-7 days of the quarter, and if I have a $0 balance on the 24th, I have an interest-free period of seven weeks until my bill is due. Moreover, Chase Freedom has never had any issues with me purchasing gift cards with their quarterly rewards program. Despite sending them a courtesy email with the specific store and amount that I was planning to charge, they still called me with a \"fraud alert.\""}
{"572": "\n\nRevised: \n\nCash has the advantage of being immediately accessible without fees or taxes. However, it loses value due to inflation. On the other hand, an IRA (Roth or Classic) can provide tax benefits and potential investment growth. Yet, there is a risk of losing money and penalties for early withdrawals. It is ideal to leave the money in the account for a long period, preferably until retirement. Whole life insurance combines investment and insurance in a single payment. Although convenient, its investment returns are generally lower than other options. If life insurance is not a necessity, such as when there are no dependents or beneficiaries, then it is not worth purchasing. It is advisable to opt for term insurance with the same coverage and use the difference in premium for investing. However, note that transaction fees can affect this strategy, and many people end up not investing the saved money."}
{"573": "\n\nRevised: The cost of taxes at election should be zero, as the appreciation in value of the property received as compensation for services will only be taxed as capital gain beyond the initial value at election. IRC \u00a783 applies to property that has been granted but still faces a significant risk of forfeiture, such as unvested equity given to employees. \u00a783(a) defers taxation until the risk of forfeiture has abated, meaning that no taxes will be paid until the stock vests. \u00a783(b) enables the taxpayer to make a quick election to waive the risk of forfeiture within 30 days of transfer. After election, the normal operation of \u00a783 kicks in, and taxable income is typically the difference between the value of vested property and its original purchase price. If the stock is purchased at fair market value, there will be no difference, and the income from the shares will be zero. However, the shares will now be considered capital assets for tax purposes, and not compensation income. Upon selling the shares, any appreciation beyond the value at election will be considered capital gains. This is why the \u00a783(b) election is beneficial, as there is no impact on the taxes owed whether the restricted shares were purchased at fair market value, at a discount, or for free."}
{"574": "\n\nThe indicator you seek is called \"Rate of Change (Price)\", offering a percentage change in price over a selected period. For instance, the graph below displays a 100-day Rate of Change indicator beneath the price chart, depicting the price trends over the past six months."}
{"575": "\n\nCan you clarify your request? Are you looking for a future target price and projected dividends, and want to calculate their present value? Please note that the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) formula may not be the best tool to use for stocks, as the future price is uncertain. This formula is more suitable for fixed-income instruments like coupon bonds. You could use it for stocks, but it would require you to speculate and predict a future price for the stock. It may be better to use standard stock analysis techniques such as understanding stock basics, reading stock quotes, and analyzing the P/E ratio and dividend yield. For mature companies, a good P/E ratio would be around 20, while for smaller and growing companies, a higher P/E ratio may be acceptable. The dividend yield is also important since it indicates how much your shares may grow even if the stock price remains the same for the year. I hope this helps."}
{"576": "\n\nThe ATO website contains two useful pages regarding tax rates. While they are somewhat extensive and contain a few exceptions, their basic premise is that your entire foreign income, regardless of where it is held, is subject to taxation. Hence, Australians are taxed on a worldwide basis."}
{"577": "\n\nAlthough I am not entirely clear on the particulars of the processes at play, it seems that a 20:1 reverse stock split and a modification in legal status occurred on June 29th. It looks as though this event led to the subsequent shift in the stock's value, given that the timing corresponds with the decline. For additional information, visit https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/RMSLD/filings."}
{"578": "\n\nRevised: The use of deposited funds by banks depends on multiple factors, such as the state of the economy and the bank's performance. Typically, banks use the majority of deposits to lend or invest, while keeping a certain percentage in reserve for potential withdrawals. If a high number of withdrawals occur, banks may become undercapitalized and sell loans to other banks. The decision to lend or use deposited funds for other purposes ultimately depends on the amount of reserves and the availability of profitable loans. This response was provided for the benefit of CQM, although this question may not be directly related to personal finance."}
{"579": "\n\nRevised: If it's an American style option, you can exercise it at any time before it expires, even if it's not in-the-money. In such cases, you are required to either deliver or accept delivery of the underlying asset by the next trading day. As a short seller, you may be assigned to fulfill the exercised option by the clearinghouse. This can happen regardless of whether the person who purchased the option from you actually exercises it. The clearinghouse randomly selects a brokerage to fulfill the assignment, and the brokerage then randomly selects an individual account. If you plan to write options, particularly those involving spreads, it's important to prepare a contingency plan if one of the legs gets assigned. This risk is higher before a dividend payment, especially if the payment exceeds the remaining time value of the option."}
{"580": "\n\nTypically, in situations like this, I would navigate to the Investor Relations section of the company's website and look for a tab or link labeled 'Stock Information' or something similar. This section usually provides valuable details on the different share classes, their relation (if applicable), voting and/or dividend rights, and tax discrepancies between them. However, I encountered difficulty locating such a page on BYD's central corporate investor relations website. I did come across a page that provided information on HK1211 shares (http://www.byd.com/investor/base_information.html); however, it appears to be outdated. In my continued search, I found a newer page that clarifies the difference between \"A\" and \"H\" shares (http://www.byd.cn/BYDEnglish/basic/article.jsp?articleId=1524676). Perhaps additional information on any structural variations among share classes could be found within the announcements section of the byd.cn site; sadly, I did not have the patience to sift through them all."}
{"581": "\n\nIt is difficult to provide a definitive answer without the contract. However, according to Consumer Reports, it appears that these deposits are not well protected compared to other deposits or purchases, depending on the specifics of the state laws. You should promptly fulfill all requests from the financing institution, and emphasize that you can afford to pay for the car in cash. It is crucial to have proof of your financial stability, such as bank, money market, or investment statements. Although creditworthiness is mostly based on numbers, keep in mind that there is a person making the decision, which can affect the outcome. If you feel uncomfortable with a 5% APR or similar loan, be prepared to walk away from your deposit. A $20,000 at 5% APR over five years could cost you thousands of dollars. The potential loss of your deposit might prompt the financing institution to negotiate better loan terms. To conclude, based on the mentioned article and my extensive experience, here are some tips:"}
{"582": "\n\nPlease note that the link you provided reflects the share count as of March 31, 2016. However, according to http://uniselect.com/content/files/Press-release/Press-Release-Q1-2016-Final.pdf, there was a 2-for-1 stock split which means you need to double the share count to obtain an accurate number. Please be advised that the stock split occurred in May, which was after the stated deadline."}
{"583": "\n\n\nRevised: \n\nIn the UK, the \"same day rule\" is utilized for matching purposes only. It requires that sales on any given day be matched primarily with purchases made on that same day to determine any gains or losses. This gives rise to the practice of \"bed-and-breakfast,\" or b&b, transactions, which are typically used for tax planning purposes. The aim is to crystalize a gain, within the exempted amount, and reset a purchase price at a higher level. One would execute a sale just before the market closes on one day, to be matched with the original purchase, and buy back the shares the next day, immediately after the market open. This process is useful whenever there is a paper gain that one wishes to lock and prevent from being taxed. By using up the annual exemption every year, one can, hopefully, reduce the tax burden. However, this strategy may be pointless if the dealing costs outweigh the potential tax savings. \n\nFor example, let's consider a scenario where the UK tax year aligns with the calendar year. Suppose that in 2016, you bought shares for a total of Stg. 50,000. By the end of the year, the shares are worth Stg. 54,000, an unrealized gain of Stg.4,000. Should you perform a b&b transaction to utilize your Stg.11,100 annual exemption? \n\nThe answer depends on the transaction costs involved. Assuming a 1.5% round-trip trade cost, and a 0.5% stamp duty on purchase, the total expenses of the b&b operation would be Stg1,080. The tax saved, assuming that you are a 20% taxpayer and deducting the transaction costs from the net gain, would be 20%x(4,000-1,080) = Stg584. This does not make financial sense. \n\nIn another scenario, the shares are worth Stg.60,000 at the end of 2016. The total transaction costs of a 2% round-trip trade cost would be 2%x60,000 = Stg1,200. Consequently, the taxable gain of Stg.10,000, less the transaction costs, would be Stg.8,800. The tax bill would be 20%x8,800 = Stg1,760, and so the transaction costs would be lower than the tax saved. It would make financial sense to crystalize the gain, selling the shares one day before the tax year-end and reinvesting immediately on the next day. \n\nIn the third scenario, the shares are worth Stg.70,000 at the end of 2016. The gain of Stg.20,000, less transaction and annual exemption costs, would result in a tax bill of Stg.1,500. However, the gain still exceeds the annual exemption. To avoid paying higher taxes, one would sell enough shares to crystalize a taxable gain of Stg.11,100. The fraction, f%, required would be f%x(70,000-50,000) - 2%xf%x70,000 = 11,100, which simplifies to f% = 11,100/18,600 = 59.68%. The tax saved would be 20%x11,100 = Stg.2,220, versus costs of 2%x59.58%x70,000 = Stg.835.52. This strategy of partial b&b is adopted because it never makes sense to pay tax early!"}
{"584": "\n\nWhen it comes to buying new cars, the norm is to either finance at a low APR or receive cashback when purchasing outright. However, determining how much a used car is worth can be challenging as the buyer often has no idea how much the seller has invested in the vehicle. It is perplexing that a seller would offer a discount of $2,000 if the buyer finances their purchase but not if they pay cash. The only motivation for such a maneuver could be the aim to obtain at least $2,000 in interest over the loan's lifetime. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the buyer won't refinance. Therefore, this could be a bluff, and the seller may agree to lower the price by $2,000, given that the buyer pays in cash or provides a check. If the seller insists, the buyer could agree to finance the purchase and then pay off the loan within a week. It is imperative to double-check whether there are any hidden charges, such as origination fees or pay-off-early fees, before determining the best course of action."}
{"585": "\n\nThe IRS has provided little clarity on what constitutes a \"substantially identical\" investment under the wash rule. Some brokers, such as Schwab, claim that only ETFs with identical CUSIPs (the same ETF) should be considered for wash sale calculations. However, there is a possibility that the IRS could view ETFs tracking the same index as \"substantially identical.\" In this case, your broker has already labeled these investments as \"wash sales,\" even though they have different underlying indices. Your first course of action should be to speak with your broker since they are required to report this to the IRS. While you technically have the final say on your tax basis, disputing this matter with the IRS can be a tedious process. Before taking further action, it might be worthwhile to confirm the details of the situation with your broker, and to consider whether other wash sale triggers may have played a role here."}
{"586": "\n\nThe demat account I hold in India is currently not an NRI account, as I was uncertain about the duration of my stay in the USA. However, it is mandatory to convert my account to an NRI account, as per the law. Residents are not permitted to buy or sell shares using their Resident account, hence it is advisable to close the existing account and open a new NRO Demat account for transferring the shares/units and performing further transactions. To purchase shares, one must also open a Demat PINS account."}
{"587": "\n\nIf you enjoy math, try this thought experiment: Imagine the result X of a random walk process (although stocks don't behave this way, this example is useful for understanding the question you asked). On the first day, X is set to an integer X1. On each successive day, X can increase or decrease by 1, each with a probability of 1/2. Now let's consider buying a call option on X. Assume a European option with a strike price of S that expires on day N, which, if held until that day and exercised if it's profitable, would result in a value Y = min(X[N]-S, 0). This has an expected value E[Y] that can be calculated. The market value of that option on day #k, where 1 < k < N, should be V[k] = E[Y]|X[k], which can also be calculated. On day #N, V[N] is equal to Y, as its value is known. \n\nOn the other hand, an American option would result in a value Y[k] = min(X[k]-S, 0) if it were held until day #k and then exercised if profitable. For now, let's forget about selling the option on the market. This means that the only two choices are either to exercise it on some day #k or to let it expire. Let's say it's day k=N-1. If X[N-1] is greater than or equal to S+1 (in the money), there are two choices: exercise today or exercise tomorrow if profitable. The expected value is the same in both cases (both are equal to X[N-1]-S), so it's better to exercise right away and make use of the money elsewhere. Now suppose X[N-1] is less than or equal to S-1 (out of the money), in which case the expected value is 0 whether you exercise today or wait until tomorrow. That\u2019s because even the best-case scenario would be X[N-1]=S-1 and X[N] goes up to S, so the option is still worthless. \n\nHowever, if X[N-1] = S (at the money), it gets more interesting. If it's exercised today, it's worth 0; if you wait until tomorrow, there's a 1/2 chance it's worth 0 (if X[N]=S-1), and a 1/2 chance it's worth 1 (if X[N]=S+1). Therefore, the expected value is 1/2, so you should wait until tomorrow. \n\nNow let's move to day k=N-2. In a similar situation, if X[N-2] is greater than or equal to S+2, you can either sell it today (in which case you know the value is X[N-2]-S), or you can wait until tomorrow when the expected value is also X[N-2]-S. Again, you might as well exercise it now. If X[N-2] is less than or equal to S-2, you know the option is worthless. If X[N-2] is equal to S-1, it's worth 0 today; however, if you wait until tomorrow, it's either worth an expected value of 1/2 if it goes up (X[N-1]=S), or 0 if it goes down, for a net expected value of 1/4, so you should wait. If X[N-2] is equal to S, it's worth 0 today; tomorrow it's either worth an expected value of 1 if it goes up, or 0 if it goes down, netting an expected value of 1/2, so you should wait. If X[N-2] is equal to S+1, it's worth 1 today; tomorrow it's either worth an expected value of 2 if it goes up or 1/2 if it goes down (X[N-1]=S), which results in a net expected value of 1.25, so you should wait. \n\nNow, imagine it's day k=N-3. If X[N-3] is greater than or equal to S+3, E[Y] = X[N-3]-S, and you should exercise it now. If X[N-3] is less than or equal to S-3, E[Y]=0. But if X[N-3] equals S+2, there's an expected value E[Y] of (3+1.25)/2 = 2.125 if you wait until tomorrow, versus exercising it now with a value of 2; if X[N-3]=S+1 then E[Y] = (2+0.5)/2 = 1.25, versus exercise value of 1; if X[N-3]=S then E[Y] = (1+0.5)/2 = 0.75 versus exercise value of 0; if X[N-3]=S-1 then E[Y] = (0.5 + 0)/2 = 0.25, versus exercise value of 0; if X[N-3]=S-2 then E[Y] = (0.25 + 0)/2 = 0.125, versus exercise value of 0. Waiting until tomorrow is better in each of these five cases. \n\nYou can keep continuing this process using the recursion formula E[Y]|X[k]=S+d, where d is a difference between X[k] and S. The equation considers different scenarios for the option's value in the future and advises whether to exercise the option now or wait. The expected value of an American option on X is greater than the expected value of a European option on X. The intuitive reason is that if the option is in the money by a large enough amount that it is not possible to be out of the money, the option should be exercised early (or sold), which is not possible with a European option. If it is nearly at the money, the option should be held, whereas if it is out of the money by a large enough amount that it is not possible to be in the money, the option is definitely worthless. Note that real securities don't follow random walks, and their probabilities are more complex and time-varying. Nonetheless, similar situations exist, and a high probability that a stock will go down signals it's time to exercise/sell an in-the-money American option, which is not possible with a European option. Interestingly, the computation provided above for the random walk isn't too different conceptually from the Binomial options pricing model."}
{"588": "\n\nI received confirmation from SIPC that littleadv's answer is correct. To provide some context, the Securities Investor Protection Act (\"SIPA\") provides protections in the event of a liquidation proceeding for a SIPC member broker-dealer. These protections apply to securities and related cash held by the broker-dealer in custody for the customer. In the event of a failure of a SIPC member broker-dealer, SIPC's obligation is to restore the securities and cash to the customer within statutory limits, but not necessarily the original value of the purchase. SIPC does not protect against any decline in value of securities. The protection offered by SIPC is up to $500,000 per customer, including a $250,000 limit on the cash in the account. Note that this protection only applies if you entrust cash or securities with a U.S. SIPC member. Foreign broker dealer subsidiaries are not SIPC members, but any assets held by a U.S. broker dealer, including foreign securities, are protected by SIPC. Stocks listed on the LSE are protected by SIPC up to the statutory limit of $500k per customer if held with a SIPC member broker-dealer. I'd like to add that IB has a foreign subsidiary, which is why SIPC does not cover it; they are insured by Lloyd's of London for such cases."}
{"589": "\n\nRevised: While bankruptcy requirements are typically non-negotiable, certain loan programs may offer exemptions for cases involving extenuating circumstances beyond the borrower's control, such as overwhelming medical expenses. However, applicants seeking this exemption must provide strong evidence of their solvency, prove their ability to rebuild their credit after their bankruptcy discharge, and work with manual underwriting lenders. For Native American borrowers, the HUD-184 program offers significant flexibility as it always employs manual underwriting, allowing for extensive underwriter discretion. If you meet the qualifications as a Native American borrower, you can explore several nationwide financing options available under the HUD-184 program."}
{"590": "\n\nI believe there's no need for you to cancel your card. Instead, please contact your customer service line and inform them of the situation. Explain that you are not receiving the service for which they are charging you, and they are not willing to remove it on their own."}
{"591": "\n\nThe theory and calculation have been explained in the other answers, but it is important to note that the video only shows a simplified version of the concept. It presents diversification as a magic trick without acknowledging the crucial fact that true diversification requires perfectly negatively correlated stocks to reduce risk effectively. Simply owning two S&P 500 indexes is not sufficient to diversify one's portfolio. True diversification involves spreading investments across various asset classes such as small-cap, large-cap, bonds, international, commodities, and real estate. It is important to understand that even with true diversification, there is always some level of risk involved. Return and risk are backward calculations that cannot guarantee future performance due to unpredictable changes in technology, outsourcing, currency exchange rates, political instability, or scandal."}
{"592": "\n\nRevised: The inverse of hedging is speculation. If you have a firm conviction that an asset\u2019s value will rise, or if the potential gains are enticing enough for you to keep it, you are a speculator. There are several methods for speculating, including holding high-risk assets without hedging, and leveraging or using the underlying leverage of derivative contracts to amplify risk and reward. In general, if in anticipation, you pay to decrease your risk, you are a hedger. If you are, in anticipation, being rewarded for bearing the risk that someone else would otherwise bear, you are a speculator. Despite the negative connotation that politicians and others have given to speculation, it is what we are all doing when we purchase stocks or any other volatile asset."}
{"593": "\n\nThe Investopedia website provides an example of how to calculate the present and future value of annuities, specifically in the section titled 'Calculating the Present Value of an Annuity Due.' The example uses a payment of $1000 made over five years with a 5% depreciation (inflation) rate. Based on their calculations, the present value of this annuity is $4545.95. Additionally, a formula for this summation is available in finance formulas."}
{"594": "\n\nI don't usually say this, but I recommend putting down a 20% deposit and getting a 15-year mortgage. The current rates are so low that you could make more than the average 3% return on the market per year and earn some profit. It wouldn't be surprising if for half of your loan term, you were able to earn just as much in interest! Personally, I have taken this approach with my own home and rental properties, and have made over 9% each of the past three years, earning me an additional $12,000 each year on top of what I would have paid in interest. This decision has benefited me greatly, earning me $36,000 for essentially doing nothing. Although the market may experience some downturn in the coming years, I have a history of success with this approach. It's not about timing the market, but rather the time you spend in it. Over 15 years, you stand to make a pretty safe investment, though perhaps not as much as if you just paid off your mortgage."}
{"595": "\n\nThe brokerage firm will purchase shares for dividends in an omnibus account to ensure the security of the issuer. Then, they will distribute fractional shares to all clients who chose Div Reinvest. To account for the fractional portion, the firm will buy one extra share, as the market does not permit trading of fractional shares. Div Reinvest usually has no impact on the marketplace, except in cases where certain securities pay large dividends but are not liquid. This is sometimes the case for preferred securities, where a large amount of Div reinvestment could create a big market order that could have market impact. Most brokers use market orders for the day following the dividend payment. When selling fractional portions, the same process applies as for full shares, and the fractional shares are traded between the client and the broker's omnibus account. If the broker's omnibus account has .6 shares and the client sells .5, resulting in a full share for the broker, they are likely to sell it to the market with the full share portion of the order. This process does not impact outstanding shares, and all costs are operational and handled by the broker as part of the Div reinvestment service."}
{"596": "\n\nForbes conducted an investigation on the matter and uncovered important details. At the bottom of the list of funds, there is a screen with faded micro print that reveals TD Ameritrade receives remuneration from certain ETFs in its commission-free program for services rendered. Essentially, TD Ameritrade has enforced a pay-to-play system for commission-free ETFs, willing to forego any trading commission in exchange for direct payments from ETF vendors. However, Vanguard refused to participate in this program and declined to pay custodian fees, resulting in their exclusion from the commission-free program. Joseph Giannone, a TD Ameritrade spokesperson, emphasized that while the client's needs were prioritized, they couldn't ignore the underlying economics of the situation. This implies that Vanguard and iShares refused to pay TD Ameritrade, resulting in their ETFs no longer being offered commission-free."}
{"597": "\n\nRevised: For car or mortgage loans, there are specific paperwork procedures upon completion of the loan payments. For other loan types, it's best to inquire with your lender about the payoff documentation they will provide. Make sure to keep both hard copies and electronic versions of these documents permanently."}
{"598": "\n\nWhen a company is listed on a market, any shares you purchase will remain in your possession, even if the company moves to a different market. Markets and exchanges (such as AIM) act as a platform for conducting share trades. You have the freedom to trade in those shares on any other platform that allows you to do so, in addition to AIM. Being listed on a market has the advantage of liquidity; there is a higher likelihood of finding buyers and sellers at any given time. The primary concern would be if the company falters and exits AIM altogether. In such a scenario, selling your shares to a willing buyer may become more challenging."}
{"599": "\n\nRevised: The equation $15 - $5 = $10 is correct, but regarding the purchase of a put option, it's unlikely to buy it for less than its intrinsic value, which in this case is $8.25. Therefore, we can assume that the put was acquired when the stock price was at least $6.75, and given the three remaining months of theta, it's likely above $7. At expiration, if the underlying asset ABC stays within the $5 - $7 range, the put value will be between $8 and $10. This means the potential loss is minimal and the potential gain is decent in comparison to beating the S&P or keeping up with Warren Buffett in stock trading but poor in options trading. However, if the stock price moves above $7, the put option will begin to lose substantial value."}
{"600": "\n\nHere are some suggestions for things I have done that others may find useful. While finding a pattern in a data set may be easy, discovering a pattern that remains true in various data sets from the same population can be difficult. Similarly, avoid searching for a pattern in data from the entire population, as this won't provide a means to test it. Without a means of testing a pattern, it becomes challenging to distinguish between patterns that have a cause and will likely persist and those that are the result of random variation.\n\nIf you experience losses during poor market periods, don't fret. As long as your gains during good market periods outpace your losses, you'll ultimately profit. If you invest $10 and lose 50%, you'll have to make a 100% profit to recover your initial investment.\n\nA Black Swan event, as popularized by Nassim Taleb, is unforeseeable but almost certainly will occur at some point. For instance, a significant natural disaster will likely impact a large country such as the United States in the next year or two, but the location and severity of such an event are unknown. Similarly, Black Swan events can affect financial markets, and although we don't know what they will be or when they will occur, we can be sure that they will happen. When constructing a system, ensure that it can weather these unforeseen occurrences and remain above the 'death line.'\n\nRecreating your work from scratch is an excellent method for reevaluating your initial assumptions in light of the final system. Revisiting your work can also help you identify errors, and using a different medium, such as paper and pen instead of a computer, can make this process even more effective."}
{"601": "\n\nI am not downvoting your post because I can relate to your situation, and I agree that it is a valuable topic for discussion. However, I want to caution you about the risks involved in handling other people's money without sufficient industry experience or knowledge of legal requirements. A few weeks ago, someone posed a similar question regarding taking money from friends to trade without knowing how to give the money back or calculate net return. It is not a wise decision to invest other peoples' money without proper knowledge or understanding of the legal requirements.\n\nAlthough you have had six months of solid returns, it does not necessarily indicate that it is the right time to set up your own shop. Running a fund is significantly different from trading your own money, and it requires thorough consideration of various factors, including the legal implications of holding other peoples' funds. Many retail investors have short memories and get jittery when they lose money, regardless of how much they have made in the past.\n\nIndex funds are currently popular because many individuals who invested in active funds that have trailed or matched the passive index funds are now angry. As an 18-year-old, you should focus on getting a job and continue putting your own money into your own system, being prepared to accept potential financial losses. It is unlikely that anyone outside your immediate family will entrust you with a significant sum of money to trade without extensive industry knowledge and experience. It would be best to continue learning, gathering information, and refining your skills before venturing into investment management."}
{"602": "\n\nBoth sources convey the same message regarding contribution limits. The Forbes article states that the maximum contribution is up to 20%, capped at $50,000. This aligns with the IRS page, which indicates that contributions are limited to the lesser of a percentage of one's income or $53,000. In essence, the $53,000 acts as a ceiling, preventing individuals from contributing more than this amount even if 20% of their earnings exceeds this limit. The variation in the contribution percentage (20% vs. 25%) between the two sources reflects differences in the contribution limits for employees versus self-employed individuals, as explained in Publication 560. Additionally, the discrepancy between the $50,000 and $53,000 limits is due to the sources being written in different years, as these limits increase annually."}
{"603": "\n\nI am aware of sites that provide this service, but I am not familiar with banks that do it. Is there a specific reason why you prefer using a bank instead of a service? My primary worry with using a bank is the possibility of incurring overdraft fees."}
{"604": "\n\nRevised: For a one-time event, you only need to submit a single estimated payment for that quarter using Form 1040-ES. Many people worry that such a payment commits them to pay quarterly taxes in the future; however, that is not true. Although the IRS instructions can be interpreted as such, most individuals who make estimated payments do so because they are self-employed or have other repeating circumstances. Moreover, taxpayers may qualify for one or more waivers on underpayment penalties when filing their Form 1040, even without estimated payments. Additionally, taxpayers can reduce or eliminate any penalties by calculating their income on a quarterly basis, rather than annually. The instructions for Form 2210 offer more details on this process, including Schedule AI for income annualization. Reviewing this information can be beneficial, depending on your situation, though it may require some effort. For more details, please visit: https://www.irs.gov/instructions/i2210/ch02.html."}
{"605": "\n\nRevised text:\n\nExpanding on Chris H's response regarding damage control, one should also be mindful of online purchases made through phone or tablet apps. This can be an issue if you have children who might make unauthorized purchases, or if you become the victim of fraud.\n\nIn addition, Michael C.'s answer touched on an important point about credit cards potentially making it challenging to budget if one isn't diligent enough to keep track of their spending. For instance, if your credit limit equals your monthly income and you pay off your card balance each month, overspending becomes less likely as you only have access to the amount you can afford to spend. \n\nHowever, it's worth noting that a slightly higher credit limit can help avoid fees that arise from exceeding your credit limit. Furthermore, not all purchases may be immediately deducted from your available credit - some shops may only send their takings to the bank at the end of the day, giving the impression that you have more credit than you actually do, and potentially resulting in fees if you overspend."}
{"606": "\n\nThere are several options available, but without more information, I can only provide examples. Last year, I considered purchasing a house, but I ultimately decided against it due to the difficult market conditions in my area. If I had decided to buy, my mother offered to provide me with a private loan, which I would repay over time with 3% interest. She would not have any ownership of the house, as it was not her intention. If your father is considering owning the house and renting it to you, this could be an option if you are comfortable with renting.\n\nAnother option that we considered but ultimately discarded due to additional expenses was taking out a loan with a bank, paying 4.5% interest to the bank, and the bank paying under 1% to my mother while keeping the rest. It is important to keep in mind that banks always seek to make a profit, and this profit comes from the difference in interest rates. If your father has 230k in the bank and you owe 230k to the bank, it may be better to avoid involving the bank, as long as your father is comfortable lending you the money and you are comfortable owing him money. Your comfort levels and your father's comfort level are key factors. If possible, try to avoid involving banks and set up a written contract between yourself and your father. It is crucial to avoid any misunderstandings or disputes in the future."}
{"607": "\n\nBefore editing, Pete had mentioned that real estate agents want you to (a) buy the most expensive house you can afford and (b) show you a few options and have you choose from them. As someone who works as a real estate agent, I believe this is an understatement. Just like any other industry, there are good and bad people in real estate. Agents are paid to sell houses. If the median price of a home in the US is under $200,000, and commissions average around 5%, then the seller and buyer brokers will split a $10,000 commission. Each agent will receive $5,000, and that amount will include a portion shared with their brokerage. Consequently, the amount received per sale will be around $2,500, which is not much. Making one sale per week could generate a considerable income, while making a sale once a month will make very little. Tire kickers, or prospective buyers who are not yet committed, will waste an agent's time by delaying their purchasing decision. The agents' obligation is to tell you the truth but not to offer financial advice. It isn't easy to forget the mortgage crisis, and it appears that the banks and brokers are not looking out for your best interests either. They will tell you the amount they will lend you, but not how much you can actually afford. These two numbers can differ greatly. Therefore, I strongly suggest that you put down at least 20%. For instance, the FHA PMI calculator shows that a 90% LTV, which requires a 10% downpayment, will cost you $1,200 per year in PMI, for a $100,000 home. For the $10,000 that you did not put down, you will pay an extra $1,200 annually on top of interest. Even at 5%, the last $10,000 will cost you nearly 17% in total. If you cannot raise $10,000 or whatever 10% of the total house price requires in cheaper funds, it is best to wait. You can also consider using a 401(k) loan for this purpose, but it comes with high emotions. Finally, instead of buying the largest home you can afford, it is better to purchase a smaller place that you can tolerate. For instance, I have a living room (in addition to the family room) that I have used only three times in the past 20 years, but we use our dining room twice a year. If your home is 50% too large, you will pay 50% more in property taxes, utility bills, and maintenance costs, which leads to a significant amount of lifetime expenses. Even if closing costs, commission, and other expenses are not cheap, the cost of living in a home that is too large for your needs will eventually end up becoming a money pit."}
{"608": "\n\nConsider whether a UTMA account is right for you, as it may not suit your needs. One of the main drawbacks of a UTMA account is that it will count as your child's assets, potentially affecting their eligibility for financial aid. Furthermore, taxes are not deferred as in a 529 plan. Lastly, when your child reaches 18, they will have control over the account and may spend the money as they wish, which may not align with your plans. \n\nA 529 plan boasts several advantages over a UTMA account. For instance, grandparents may open the account with your child as the beneficiary, and the money does not count toward financial aid calculations for college (although this rule is subject to change). The plan's earnings grow tax-free, resulting in greater growth overall. You can contribute much more to the plan without triggering the gift tax (currently about $60k), and some states offer state tax breaks for contributing to the plan. Additionally, the account holder (the grandparents) will prevent your child from spending the money irresponsibly on teenage frivolities. \n\nHowever, it is worth noting that a 10% penalty applies to unused funds from 529 plans not used for higher education expenses. That being said, if the money is left in the account for 20 years, the tax-free growth may balance out the penalty depending on your tax bracket and the applicable tax rates over the 20-year period."}
{"609": "At this point, we have compelling arguments for both a yes and a no answer. However, in my opinion, the most accurate response is... maybe. While it is true that most of your expenses are in dollars, there is a significant complication that I will attempt to simplify. Many of the goods and services you purchase are priced on the international market, such as oil. When the dollar is strong, the price of oil is low, but when it is weak, the price of oil can increase. On the other hand, services like a back massage are typically paid for in dollars, and the person receiving payment only wants dollars, so the strength or weakness of the currency does not matter in this situation.\n\nMost people's expenses are a combination of goods and services priced both internationally and locally, with a bias towards local expenditures. If their investment portfolio also has a mix of domestic and international investments, some of which are dependent on the strength of the dollar and some of which are not, they do not need to be overly concerned about the currency's strength or weakness when selling their investments and buying what they need. If the dollar is weak, international goods will be more expensive, but at the same time, the international portion of their portfolio will be worth more. If you plan on retiring in a different country or if your entire investment portfolio is in emerging market stocks, you may want to consider either currency hedging or altering your investment mix.\n\nHowever, for most people, a good mix of domestic and international investments offers the benefits of diversification while covering the risk that the currency will weaken. The best part is that you do not need to try to predict the direction of the dollar's movement.\n\nIn summary, if you want to minimize the impact of currency fluctuations on your portfolio, you may want to consider hedging. If you want your retirement to not depend on currency movements, then having a good mix of local and unhedged international investments would be an ideal option."}
{"610": "\n\nThe question at hand may be closed as it appears to be subjective. Nonetheless, it is common for individuals to seek instant gratification and be influenced by media to purchase non-essential items. Shockingly, the savings rate in the United States is surprisingly low; in fact, 75% of the population isn't stowing away the recommended amount of money. For a fascinating look at accumulated wealth, please refer to this article: http://web.stanford.edu/group/scspi/_media/working_papers/pfeffer-danziger-schoeni_wealth-levels.pdf."}
{"611": "\n\nThere are no changes I would suggest for this text. It is clear and concise."}
{"612": "\n\nThe H.10 release from the Federal Reserve Bank provides daily exchange rate data, although it is not updated every minute. According to the Fed, the H.10 weekly release includes noon buying rates in New York for cable transfers payable in major currencies against the USD. These rates are certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for customs purposes, as required by section 522 of the amended Tariff Act of 1930. If you require historical EURUSD rates for the value of 1 EURO in US$, refer to: http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h10/hist/dat00_eu.htm. To determine the value of 1 US$ in EUROS, simply divide 1.0/EURUSD."}
{"613": "\n\nNo, it would not appear on the income statement since it is not classified as income. However, it would be reflected on the cash flow statement as a result of financing activities."}
{"614": "\n\nRevised: Sole proprietors can benefit greatly from opening a current account, which operates like a bank account for a company. Although the value of a sole proprietor may not be as high as that of a company, they still require many of the same services. Therefore, Indian banks provide a scaled-down version of the account offered to companies, which includes excellent overdraft options that allow for withdrawing funds even when the balance is zero. This feature is highly beneficial as business cycles and payment schedules can vary for each supplier or customer. For instance, consider a scenario where a sole proprietor's account has a zero balance on day 0, and customer X makes a payment by cheque on day 1. The cheque will not be credited until day 3 (assuming day 2 is a holiday or weekend). Meanwhile, the proprietor writes a cheque to a supplier on day 0, and the supplier deposits it on that same day, which the bank debits on day 1. However, with the overdraft facility, the proprietor can borrow from the bank until the customer's cheque is credited on day 3. Interestingly, current accounts were available long before Indian banks customized accounts for corporate customers. Although payment systems have become more streamlined since the example mentioned above which was based on a clearing system over 10 years ago, banks continuously offer proprietors something extra, much more than what is provided in a savings bank account."}
{"615": "\n\nAccording to the answer that you have linked, the easiest way to understand this concept is that you can only deduct expenses that you have actually paid for. This means that the expense must appear on a bank or credit card statement. In case your business has bought a gift card worth $1000 for $800, you should see an $800 charge on your business credit card or bank statement. Therefore, you would only be permitted to deduct the actual amount you paid, which is $800, and not the entire $1000 value of the items that you buy using the gift card. Some additional points to consider are:"}
{"616": "\n\nExpenses can be a tricky area when it comes to taxes. Not all purchases are considered expenses for tax purposes and navigating these complexities can be challenging. A good CPA can help with this. It's always a good idea to seek their advice before making big purchases for your family members' businesses. They may need to adjust the timing or method of purchase or set aside funds for taxes on the profit used to buy those items. A CPA can help find the best path forward. For example, if your business has $10,000 in unallocated income, you may want to use it to redecorate your office, but keep in mind that there may be $3,000 in taxes due on that income. The bottom line is that you cannot call it profit until the taxes have been paid."}
{"617": "\n\nIt's important to note that the primary difference between a credit card (in the US and Canada) and a debit card (like the French carte de cr\u00e9dit) is the level of responsibility when it comes to paying the bill. If you have a credit card, it's possible to only pay the \"minimum payment\" or not pay the bill at all. However, this can lead to accumulating significant amounts of debt due to high interest rates, which can quickly spiral out of control. To avoid this, it's crucial to always pay off the entire balance every month, as emphasized in previous answers. Unfortunately, many Americans find themselves in thousands of dollars of debt due to misusing credit cards."}
{"618": "\n\nAfter thoroughly reading the Wikipedia article on airberlin, it is apparent that the reasons behind their initial IPO failure were more complex than simply postponing it and proceeding with the offering. It is important to keep in mind three key points about IPOs: Firstly, it is the method used to make a private company publicly owned. Secondly, selling shares to the public allows for original owners and investors to withdraw their investment, and thirdly, it can provide the company with greater financial resources to support its growth.\n\nFor airlines, a capital-intensive business, new planes such as the B737-MAX or A320neo can cost over $110M and $105M USD, respectively. However, the definition of a successful IPO depends on how one perceives success, and the initial airberlin IPO was constructed with management and owners focusing on cashing out their shares, rather than providing necessary investments for the company's growth.\n\nConsequently, the market viewed the IPO unfavourably. However, the investment bankers restructured it to increase the issuance of new shares, thereby resulting in a better cash infusion for the company. In the end, the IPO was listed successfully, the company received the much-needed money to invest and grow, and the management could still cash out. All in all, it was a relatively successful IPO despite its initial setbacks."}
{"619": "\n\nRevised: Withdrawals from a traditional IRA are typically subject to regular income tax, regardless of whether they were earned through regular income or received as payment in lieu of dividends. While there may be specific exceptions for IRAs, I could not find any such provisions. Moreover, it is not clear why an exception would be necessary since the tax rate on dividends is often lower than that on regular income. This is why some company owners choose to receive a portion of their profits as dividends rather than solely through their salary."}
{"620": "\n\nBased on your post, you purchased seven shares of VBR on August 23rd at a price of $119.28 each, which cost you \u20ac711.35. As of August 25th, the value of VBR has increased to $120.83. However, as you are interested in knowing the value in EUR instead of USD, if you convert $845.81 to EUR using Google, it shows a lower value of \u20ac708.89. This suggests that the USD has decreased in value compared to the EUR. \n\nThis means that although the stock price has increased in USD, it has actually fallen in EUR. Consequently, if you were to sell the stock, the value you would receive in EUR would be lower than the purchase price. It is important to note that when you invest in a different currency, you are adding currency risk to your other investment risks. If your spending is primarily in euros, it would be recommended to invest in euro-denominated assets. \n\nBuying USD-denominated assets could be beneficial if you spend some of your money in USD or if you expect the USD value to increase relative to EUR. However, if you prefer euro-denominated assets, it is better to stick to them to avoid currency risks. \n\nIt is worth mentioning that the value of USD may rise over the weekend, which could put you back in the black. Additionally, even if the value of USD continues to decrease, the security you have invested in might rise more than that. Ultimately, the decision of buying USD-denominated or euro-denominated assets depends on your investment goals and risk preferences."}
{"621": "\n\nThe current requirement of a 200% margin for a short sale is extremely high. A more reasonable margin would be 150%, where 50% of the margin is your own funds and the other 100% is the sale proceeds. For instance, if you have $100 available, you should be able to purchase $100 worth of GOOG and short sell $100 worth of PNQI."}
{"622": "\n\nWhile this statement may be accurate for a bond fund, it does not apply to a bond ETF. In contrast to bond funds, bond ETFs experience a drop of an equivalent magnitude when distributing dividends on their ex-dividend date."}
{"623": "\n\nThe Bloomberg terminal is a reliable and widely used means of obtaining up-to-date information, and much more, almost instantaneously."}
{"624": "\n\nThe issue of trading with unsettled funds usually only affects cash accounts, whereas with margin accounts, there are typically no such rules that will cause problems. However, it is important to note that funds tied up in unsettled positions cannot be withdrawn until they have settled, although they can still be used for trading purposes. While it is rare for a broker to charge margin interest on unsettled funds, it is not impossible, as brokers are entitled to impose their own restrictions. Therefore, it is advisable to check with your broker to see if there are any additional restrictions that may apply. If you have heard about restrictions for cash accounts and are confused if they also apply to margin accounts, it is recommended that you search for more information using terms such as \"cash trading violations\" to find clear resources and examples. Margin accounts provide a cushion of additional funds to avoid these issues, as they are essentially a loan from your broker. However, overextending yourself may result in a margin call, which is a different issue altogether and may warrant a separate question."}
{"625": "\n\nIn essence, you may not be an ideal customer for credit card companies, although you are certainly better than one who neglects to pay bills. These companies use rewards cards to entice disorganized individuals into accumulating interest fees and late payments, as they are the companies' most profitable customers. For them, it is a successful business model. You, however, reduce their profit in transaction fees. As a result, the companies have no incentive to help you increase your profits. In response to your comment, the bottom line is a matter of perspective. While you are a rational and altruistic person who aims to create a mutually beneficial situation in business, credit card companies operate to reduce your freedom financially. Furthermore, the comment on being a \"terrible customer\" should be taken as a compliment once you unravel the marketing falsehoods surrounding reward programs and zero percent financing. People often end up with 21%+ interest rates after beginning with a zero percent balance loan and defaulting on a payment. With reward cards, studies suggest that individuals tend to spend about 17% more. I personally stopped using reward cards for situations in which I have to make a decision at the point of purchase. For people with tight budgets, reward cards can lead to debt. My \"meager profits\" paragraph essentially seeks to indicate the perpetual nature of credit card companies in extracting profit. They make no effort to earn only 2% on purchases and give back 1% for free, although this would be beneficial for all parties involved. Despite some individuals disagreeing with me on this issue, I maintain that credit card companies are solely focused on their profit, rather than the well-being of the customer."}
{"626": "\n\nA new service called SelfScore provides US credit cards to international students. This service caters to students without a credit history or a Social Security Number (SSN) by considering other qualifying factors such as their major, financial resources in their home country, and employability upon graduation. It is important to note that the credit card is not a secured credit card or a prepaid card, but rather a proper US credit card that does not entail annual fees and has a relatively low APR aiming to assist students in building their US credit. Additionally, the spending limit might be considered low. However, building a credit history is the primary goal, making the spending limit relatively insignificant."}
{"627": "\n\nAs an investor, it is important to learn to forgive yourself for past mistakes. However, merely forgiving yourself is not enough. You must put in the necessary hours of studying finance, fundamental analysis, statistics, and other relevant fields, in order to avoid making the same mistakes again. This comprehensive approach will also help you worry less. Once you have invested the required hours in studying, you can adopt relatively conservative strategies like buying undervalued blue-chip stocks or selling covered call options. Wishing you all the best."}
{"628": "\n\nRevised: When it comes to trading in your crossover, keep in mind that the value offered will typically be lower than what you could receive in a private sale. To address your question directly, I recommend selling the vehicle yourself and using the profit to buy your new ride. And, if you plan on financing the purchase after the lease term, my strong suggestion is to forego leasing altogether and use the $9k to finance directly. Leasing can end up being a costly venture, as it won't save you any money over the long-term and can expose you to potential fees for breaking certain lease terms, such as mileage and wear and tear. From a mathematical standpoint, your best option is to use the $9k as a cash payment towards your purchase. This will ultimately result in the lowest total cost of ownership. Even if you're concerned about purchasing a car with hidden issues, leasing is an expensive form of insurance against that possibility. In order to justify leasing over cash payment throughout the vehicle's lifetime, you would have to incur some substantial repair costs - which is not typically the case."}
{"629": "\n\nRevised: Can a creditor refuse a payment of a hundred dollar bill for a debt? No, a creditor is obligated to accept payment in cash regardless of the denomination used. However, when making purchases, there is no existing debt to the business owner, and therefore, the aforementioned rule does not apply. Payment for purchases is determined through mutual agreement between both parties. It is reasonable for businesses such as a 7/11 or taxi company, which are frequently targeted for robberies, and small retailers that lack the resources for fraud detection to request customers to use smaller bills. This practice of accepting small bills and declining large ones is perfectly legal, and further explanations and code references can be found on the Treasury.gov website."}
{"630": "\n\nI am not a fan of Muro questions. As a personal finance investor focused on saving for retirement, they don't hold much value for me. If I cannot grasp a company's basic business model or how it generates profits, I won't invest. On the other hand, if I do understand it, I'll conduct more research on the company before making any purchases. I prefer index funds that track industries and companies that I am familiar with. While I rely on a fund manager to handle the details, I still apply a simple logic test to ensure I am on the right path, and I don't rely on the opinions of rating agencies. As for my place in the system as a whole, I'm not certain. I lack the resources to conduct rigorous accounting research and analysis that rating agencies do, which could lead me to lose potential investments even if the business model is solid. It is up to my fund manager to determine if a company is ethical or not. To mitigate this risk, I invest in indexes rather than individual stocks."}
{"631": "\n\nHow can it be that long-term treasury bonds, which the government has never defaulted on, can carry more risk as an ETF than the stock market index? The risk involved with long-term bonds doesn't stem from the possibility of government default, but rather from the chance that interest rates may increase before you receive payment. If investors prefer bonds issued more recently with higher interest rates, then your older bonds offering a lower rate will decrease in value (thus lowering bond prices). This is often due to higher inflation rates, which diminishes the worth of the interest payment. Does investing in bond ETFs result in more risk compared to investing in individual bonds? If you are wisely selecting ETFs, there should be less risk since they handle the challenge of buying an assortment of bonds.  Is investing in bond ETFs a suitable choice for risk diversification? Yes, if you're investing in bonds, then buying them via an exchange-traded fund is an appropriate way to do so. ETF markets are reliably liquid."}
{"632": "\n\nIf you're looking to maximize your savings potential in a qualified plan, consider setting up a 401K plan with Company A while maintaining the SEP with Company B. Set up the 401K plan with Company A to allow all employees to contribute 100% of their salary. Then, take a salary of around 19K/year (assuming you're under age 50) to ensure you can contribute and cover SS taxes. Keep moving dividends to Company A and maintain the SEP plan with Company B. By doing this, you'll have the opportunity to contribute up to $54K (SEP limit) + $18K (IRA limit) + $5,500 (ROTH income-dependent) to a qualified plan, if you're below age 50."}
{"633": "\n\nRevised: Credit Unions, similar to banks, make a profit by offering loans with higher interest rates than the ones they pay on savings. This practice is financially driven and is not tied to any moral considerations assigned to \"the system.\" If your primary objective is accessing capital, credit unions are a viable option without any reservations regarding the profit-making strategies employed by these institutions."}
{"634": "\n\nAfter reading multiple articles and conducting research on the internet, I discovered the importance of diversified investments. The recommended strategy is to allocate 70% of funds towards equity investments and the remaining 30% towards debt investments. However, the exact percentages may vary depending on the source of the recommendation.\n\nIt is not advisable to focus on diversification for initial investments, since spreading small amounts across several mutual funds may lead to paperwork and tracking issues. As a suggestion, starting with an Index EFT or Large Cap fund would be a good start, followed by balanced funds and mid caps.\n\nPlease note that this site does not provide advice on specific funds. You can visit websites such as moneycontrol.com or economictimes for personal finance advisory and recommended top funds in each segment.\n\nLastly, it is advisable to purchase electronic holdings instead of paper documents, and it is recommended to use a Demat account for purchasing these holdings."}
{"635": "\n\nIt is possible, and quite common, to trade stocks in a different currency than your account currency. However, whether this is allowed and what risks may be involved will depend on your specific bank or broker. One important consideration is the foreign exchange (FX) risk, which may arise if your account is in EUR, but you trade stocks that are denominated in USD. Additionally, if you choose not to trade on the primary exchange where the stocks are listed, such as NYSE or Nasdaq, you may face lower liquidity or price differences."}
{"636": "\n\nI have used xetrade for a while, and also tried nzforex (connected to ozforex, canadian forex, and possibly ukforex). While nzforex is good, xetrade has slightly better rates, which is why I use them. However, I am currently in the process of opening an account at CurrencyFair, since it seems that I can get even better rates there. Xetrade charges me a 1.5% conversion fee, but only for the spread - there are no other fees. I believe CurrencyFair can offer better rates because it operates on a peer-to-peer trade model, so you could potentially get even better deals than xe.com. I will update this post once I have used CurrencyFair for a while, but the advertised rates are guaranteed to be no worse than 0.5%, plus a $4 withdrawal fee. This should save me a significant amount of money."}
{"637": "\n\nGiven that you have indicated in the comments to your question that there is no debt, the assets should be distributed based on the proportional ownership share. However, without a formal agreement in place, there could be disputes over each investor's respective share, with the matter possibly ending up in court. When a corporation issues shares, the corporate charter typically outlines the relationship between different types of shares, or specifies a single class. However, in a partnership, individuals might make claims to ownership stake based on their labour contributions in addition to their financial investments. Without an agreement in place from the outset, this can become complicated."}
{"638": "\n\nRevised: Whether or not you can receive an ACH discount for automatic withdrawals from your deposit account depends on your bank. It's important to independently research your particular bank's policies on the matter. If you want to direct your extra payments each month towards early payments, principal payments, or interest payments, you should discuss this with your bank. In my experience, most banks won't penalize you for sending extra money and will apply it towards early payments rather than principal, but it's best to confirm with your bank directly. For example, with student loans, you may need to provide a detailed list of your loans and the order in which you'd like extra payments applied. Otherwise, your payment may be considered an early payment or distributed evenly across all loans."}
{"639": "\n\nPersonally, I prefer investing in stable blue chip companies through an ETF or a couple of them, which offer a reasonable yield of around 3%. Additionally, I would adopt a conservative approach by regularly selling covered call options on the stock and opening a new position every month. That's my investment strategy."}
{"640": "\n\nCertainly. Microsoft, a software giant, finally yielded to increasing demands from investors and announced on January 17, 2003 that it would start providing an annual dividend to shareholders. Prior to that year, the company opted not to pay dividends. However, according to the Wall Street Journal, in the following year, Microsoft also issued a special one-time dividend of $32 billion, or $3 per share of Microsoft stock. This payment was anticipated to benefit the U.S. economy during the holiday shopping season as a significant financial stimulus. It is worth noting that companies can likewise choose to discontinue dividend payouts."}
{"641": "\n\nFrance levies taxes on capital and dividend gains earned within its borders, making it impossible for you to lower this obligation. However, India does have a Double Tax Avoidance Treaty with France, which allows you to seek reimbursement for the taxes paid in France."}
{"642": "\n\nConsider this scenario: Initially, your credit score rests at X, reflecting your typical credit usage. Over time, a positive balance of factors such as credit history can raise this score but not by a great amount. However, if you change your credit usage at any given moment, your score will respond accordingly, either increasing or decreasing. Unfortunately, such changes are fleeting; if you revert back to your standard credit usage, your score will return to its previous range. A tactic sometimes employed to boost credit scores is to obtain a short-term car loan, but this method is unsustainable and costly. Ultimately, the positive impact on your score will diminish, and you'll have invested money in a temporary solution."}
{"643": "\n\nI believe you are conflating two distinct concepts. When the quoted reference makes reference to the average investor, they are referring to an average singular investor, like yourself or myself, who consistently underperforms the market. However, when you pose a question, you seem to be referring to all investors as a whole, including individuals, institutions, investment banks, and others, who collectively own 100% of the stock in every company. Every investor could match market performance easily and affordably by purchasing an S&P index fund and holding it. Additionally, some investors can even surpass market performance by adding select stocks to their portfolios. For example, consider the ten-year comparison chart of Berkshire Hathaway B compared to the S&P 500. Although other examples exist, few of us possess the discipline necessary to achieve such performance. Every week, we read questions regarding market turbulence, the next big trend, the next bubble, and the like. The average investor believes they can outsmart the market and, as a result, buys and sells on a whim, missing out on the steady long-term growth of the markets. Lastly, your title, \"Dalbar: How can the average investor lose money?\", is doubtful considering the average investor hasn't lost money over the past several years. Failing to make as much money as possible is not the same as losing money."}
{"644": "\n\nYes, the JP Morgan emerging markets equity fund is indeed a type of mutual fund. Mutual funds are investment vehicles that pool money from various investors to invest in stocks and bonds. There are several ways investors can invest in mutual funds including through their company 401K, IRA or as a taxable account. The fund can be sold directly by the company or through a broker, and there are also fund of funds where investors are other funds. Some investors are indirect investors, such as those who have invested in mutual funds through their pension funds from past or current employers."}
{"645": "\n\nA revised version could read:\n\nA loan with 12% interest, especially from a dealer, is unreasonably high and not unusual for someone with no credit history. While paying off the loan won't negatively affect your credit, it's worth noting that credit score calculations are somewhat of a mystery. However, having an installment loan on your report and a history of timely payments should help your credit score over time. Patience is key when building your credit, and consistently paying your debts will go a long way. Ideally, it would be beneficial to refinance if you could find a better rate, but with a lower credit score, it may be difficult to find the best rates available."}
{"646": "\n\nTo guarantee that the buyer can obtain evidence that the loan will be paid in full and the lien will be lifted, it's recommended that you accompany them to the bank. The title won't be signed over, and the lien won't be lifted until the loan has been completely paid off. DMV.org has an informative section that can assist with this process, although it isn't connected to the actual DMV.\n\nSelling a car with a lien privately might result in a higher profit, but it necessitates additional effort on the seller's part. The following tips can help streamline the process:\n\n1. Provide details about the lien in your advertisement to avoid misunderstandings.\n2. Sell the car in the lienholder's area, if feasible, to make the transfer process easier.\n3. Consider enlisting the assistance of an escrow service if the financial institution is located far away. These services are beneficial because they take care of the majority of the work and guarantee a safe and legitimate transaction. They also provide essential documentation once the sale is completed."}
{"647": "\n\nAs previously mentioned, don't overthink the hard-pull issue. However, it's best to time your preapproval application as close to your bidding window as possible to minimize costs. In my experience, preapproval applications carry application fees while pre-qualification is usually free. If you're actively searching for a home, it's unlikely that you won't find something within three months. If your offer has been accepted and you're in the midst of the process and escrow has been opened, the preapproval will likely be extended if it expires before closing. I recently encountered a similar scenario on the buyer's end where the seller's short sale approval expired, but it was extended to ensure closure. If you haven't started the process and your preapproval has expired, you may need to begin anew with associated fees. Lastly, the impact to your credit score is minimal unless you do it frequently (every 2-3 months)."}
{"648": "\n\nIn general, banks will not consider income from the property before it has been leased out and there is a confirmed contract in place. However, it has been suggested that putting the mortgage on the real estate after it has been leased and contracted could be an option. Even then, it is important to note that there is no guarantee of steady income from the property, as it is uncertain if it will be fully leased and at what rate."}
{"649": "\n\nRevised text: Drafting a foreign currency check from USD is not allowed by most US banks, but Canadian banks such as TD offer this service for a small fee from CAD to many other currencies. As a US citizen, opening a TD Trust account is easy and enables you to perform this transaction smoothly. Zions bank, though now with a fee, used to be one of the few US banks that allowed this service. However, as a business, you need to go through multiple procedures to prove your dealings in foreign countries. Instead, many opt for a third-party payment processor service that creates checks in foreign currencies, with fees based monthly and per check. Another option is to open a British bank account, which is difficult or nearly impossible due to strict money laundering and anti-fraud regulations imposed by many banks. Some newer British banks like Tesco, Virgin, and Metro offer this service, and are worth considering if you plan on performing foreign transactions frequently."}
{"650": "\n\nI would like to suggest two things. These investments have a low risk factor, which is why I find them attractive. I hope this information is beneficial to you."}
{"651": "\n\nAccording to Section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, a consumer reporting agency can provide a consumer report to any person who intends to use the information for a credit transaction involving the consumer or for the review or collection of the consumer's account. It is commonly interpreted that a debt collection agency which owns or has been assigned a debt can access and review your credit report without consent. This interpretation is supported by the same section of the act mentioned in a linked article. The FCRA states that a business can access your credit report without permission if it has a valid \"permissible purpose,\" such as debt collection. However, if the debt collector does not own or hasn't been assigned the debt, you hold the legal right to dispute it. If you find yourself in this situation, it may be wise to seek legal advice. One reason that a debt collection agency may review your credit report is to locate you if they're having trouble finding current contact information."}
{"652": "\n\nIs it possible to transfer the funds I borrowed in India to the USA? Based on the Foreign Exchange Management Act, funds borrowed in India cannot be transferred outside of the country. However, an authorized dealer in India may grant loans in rupees to non-residents against securities of shares or immovable property in India, subject to the Reserve Bank's directions. Keep in mind that the loan amount cannot be remitted outside of India."}
{"653": "\n\nQuantumonline.com provides exceptional information that rivals what is found on a Bloomberg terminal. The website features the SCANA Corp.'s 2009 Series A, 7.70% Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes that are issued in denominations of $25. These notes are redeemable at the issuer's discretion on or after 1/30/2015 at a value of $25 per share plus accrued, unpaid interest. They mature on 1/30/2065, which may be extended to 1/30/2080. Holders of record on the business day before the payment date receive quarterly interest distributions of 7.70% ($1.925) per annum on 1/30, 4/30, 7/30 & 10/30. However, these debt securities do not qualify for the preferential 15% to 20% tax rate on dividends, nor do they qualify for the dividend received deduction for corporate holders. Although units trade flat, which reflects accrued interest in the trading price, interest is not paid or received by purchasers and sellers. These notes are unsecured and subordinated to the company's other unsecured and subordinated debts. For more information on the debt securities, interested readers can refer to the IPO prospectus by clicking the 'Link to IPO Prospectus' provided below."}
{"654": "\n\nIf you are a telecommuter and have a good relationship with your employer, you simply need to reach out to them and explain your situation. Request a brief letter from them indicating that: 1) working from a privately rented office (or home office, if preferred) is a requirement of your employment, 2) this is one of the terms of your employment agreement with them, and 3) they will not reimburse you for this expense. Armed with this letter, you will satisfy both the \"convenience of employer\" test and be able to deduct the rent for your private office as an unreimbursed employee expense.\n\nIt's important to note that the IRS cannot reasonably expect your employer to open an office in your city or expect you to commute a great distance to your employer's city for work. Furthermore, the IRS cannot force telecommuters to work from home. Your focus should be on getting the necessary letter from your employer, which is often a simple request."}
{"655": "\n\nI was the owner of a restaurant for more than 5 years, and during this time, I learned that sales tax is only applied to the price after discounts are applied. However, each state has different laws regarding tax collection. For instance, when a customer used a gift certificate at my restaurant, the amount of tax collected remained the same, as the full amount of the bill had already been paid at some point in time."}
{"656": "\n\nI understand that my answer may not be what you want to hear, but it is important to realize that if there was an easy way to identify stocks like FB before they rise, they would not exist because they would be priced higher at the IPO. Nobody can predict the future, and sometimes a company's true value only becomes clear with time. Everyone wants to buy a rising stock, but by the time its value is established, the price will have already gone up. To invest in a true winner, you must invest before it is obvious to everyone that the company is going to make a profit in the future. Stock prices are based on expected future performance rather than current or past performance. While past and future performance do share some similarities, it is important to understand that every criterion used in analyzing stocks is based on past data. You can use these criteria as a starting point to find potential investments, but ultimately, it is necessary to understand the company's business, market, and economic factors that affect it. You can choose which criteria to apply based on your own preferences and risk tolerance. As for concerns about false data, if you believe that Google or any other source has information wrong, you should contact them to clarify the information. However, the information is likely correct based on past data or last annual financial results."}
{"657": "\n\nWe are currently working on obtaining an accurate answer to the question. In the meantime, here is a bonus tip on how to generate a graphical chart using the required data. Use \"r14\" as the indicator for RSI, and apply the following criteria for the chart: Google as the stock, a time frame of six months, a line chart with a linear scale and large size, a 50-day moving average, a 200-day exponential moving average, volume data, and RSI as the final indicator. Please refer to the Finance Yahoo! API's for more information."}
{"658": "\n\nRevised: The majority of millionaires acquired their wealth by practicing extreme frugality and consistently living well beneath their means."}
{"659": "\n\nBased on the answers provided, it appears that taxes on gains are typically not imposed until the respective asset is sold. While none of the responses were specific to the U.K., it is possible that someone else may offer further insight. In relation to your query, it should be noted that gains and losses would indeed be subject to taxation. For instance, let's assume that you traded an item valued at $100 for bitcoins, and then later converted your bitcoins back to dollars for $200; in this scenario, your gain would total $100 from the foreign exchange trade, which should be reported in addition to any earnings generated from your business sales."}
{"660": "\n\nPlease ensure that you report all your income earned in India, as well as your total asset holdings to comply with FBAR regulations. Failure to do so can result in severe penalties, including imprisonment, even for small amounts, as many have experienced in the past. The IRS takes this matter seriously, and any Indian bank with a presence in the US may be required to reveal details of your bank accounts. You may claim deductions for taxes already paid in India due to double taxation, meaning you won't have to pay additional taxes as US income tax rates are on par or lower than those in India. Attempting to deceive authorities, such as by transferring ownership to a relative, may not be worthwhile. Please note that you only pay taxes when you realize gains, regardless of whether you are in India or the US. Transferring assets to your brother will only result in taxes up to the point you hold them. Documentation specifying that the stocks were a gift and that you have no further claims on them can be helpful, but it is best to consult a US-based CPA to ensure compliance. If you hold any claims on transferred assets, you will continue to be taxed. If you sell real estate investments in India and generate a profit, you must pay taxes on the gains in the US, and you must provide proof of the original purchase and selling price to claim deductions as per the double-tax avoidance treaty. There are no restrictions on bringing over capital from India to the US."}
{"661": "\n\nRevised: The situation is quite straightforward. You purchased the house in 2008 at a time when the prices were at their maximum peak. However, since then, the housing prices have plummeted considerably, leading to the mortgage crisis where homeowners had houses worth less than their mortgages."}
{"662": "\n\nHow can you identify high-quality dividend stocks? One effective method is to examine past performance. However, it's also essential to understand your investment goals. Are you seeking cash flow, security, or capital growth? Additionally, it's crucial to consider the amount of time you're willing to commit to investing. Balancing your investment efforts with potential returns is key. To discover reliable dividend stocks, consider focusing on the Dividend Aristocrats or Dividend Contenders. These organizations have historically increased payouts to shareholders over time. For even greater returns, consider utilizing the Dividend Capturing trading strategy - by purchasing a stock before its ex-date and selling it after the record date, investors can collect dividends and move on to the next opportunity. If you pursue this method, be sure to research the stocks involved or consult reliable sources."}
{"663": "\n\nThis is an elaboration on the last paragraph of @BenMiller's response. When a mutual fund manager sells securities at a profit or receives dividends, the fund has the option of paying taxes on the money and distributing the remaining amount to shareholders, or passing the entire sum, categorized as dividends, qualified dividends, net short-term capital gains, and net long-term capital gains, to shareholders who then pay taxes at their respective rates. Negative net gains or losses are not passed on to shareholders. It's optional for a shareholder to reinvest their distribution back into the mutual fund; they can receive the money as cash, or invest in a different mutual fund from the same family. Moving to a different fund family usually requires a brokerage account, unlike within a mutual fund where it is not necessary. Cross-transfers can weigh in with rebalancing asset allocations, which is recommended to be done once or twice a year. Load fund investors must note that some waive the load for reinvestment of distributions, some don't, and any sales charge passed through a brokerage account is pure profit for the fund. As Ben notes, even if a shareholder chooses to have the entire distribution reinvested, they must still pay taxes. When a mutual fund declares a distribution, the Net Asset Value per share drops by the same amount, but the total investment amount remains unchanged. In summary, a distribution from a mutual fund that is reinvested leads to no change in net assets, but increases tax liability. Conversely, net capital losses are not distributed but instead retained within the fund to offset future capital gains. Refer to this or this previous answer for more information."}
{"664": "\n\nUnless you were exercised and called away in 2015, you will not have any tax obligations for that year. However, the premium you receive will be considered short-term capital gains, unless there are other exceptions that are not known. If you end up with a gain on the underlying shares after being called away in April 2016, it will be considered long-term capital gains. The premium, profit and dividends will also be considered long-term capital gains for 2016. Dividend conditions have their own unique provisions that must be researched separately. Luckily, dividends are expected to be negligible compared to the potential capital gains and option premiums."}
{"665": "\n\nTo provide more clarity, I will be using the Mercedes Benz American Express (MB AMEX) card as a basis for my example. This card has an annual fee of $100, which is the closest option available on American Express's website. Typically, the benefits of a card with an annual fee are worth the cost only if you spend enough money on the card and avoid paying interest charges to offset the advantage. \n\nThe MB AMEX card offers 5X points on Mercedes Benz purchases, 3X points at gas stations, 2X points at restaurants, and 1X points for other purchases. Even if you only use the card for purchases at the 1X rate, you can make up the annual fee by charging $10,000 to the card in a year, which is not difficult if it is your primary payment method. Every dollar spent at the higher rates makes it even easier.\n\nMoreover, there are other benefits to the card. If you spend $5,000 on the card in a year, you receive a $500 gift card towards the purchase of a Mercedes Benz vehicle. For those in the market for a Mercedes Benz, this one benefit more than pays for the card's annual fee multiple times over."}
{"666": "\n\nThis response provides additional information regarding the topic that you are unsure about since I have more experience in this matter. Specifically, I purchased the ESPP shares in 2012 and sold them in 2015, which allowed me to qualify for the long-term capital gains rate. The 15% discount was reported on my W2 and was also mentioned twice in the information box. Additionally, the sale trade was shown with my cost basis as the discounted price of $5000. In 2012, I received a warning regarding potential double taxation, which I only noticed because this W2 had only one item on it after I left the company. Unfortunately, this is just one example of the confusing US tax system that requires excessive documentation but often lacks critical information. To correct any potential errors, the form 8949 must be read carefully, and adjustments may need to be made based on the actual value, which can be found on the 1099 but not always. I obtained this information from my stock management company's tax resources section, which may be helpful for you as well."}
{"667": "\n\nOne of the best places for investment information is The Motley Fool. Other excellent communities to consider are Yahoo Finance, Seeking Alpha, and Investors Place. Additionally, I have recently created a chat room on this site specifically for discussing stocks, funds, and various investment topics with fellow users of money.stackexchange. Feel free to join the conversation at http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/263/investing."}
{"668": "\n\nYou may not be using the most effective approach to recover your money. Chargeback is not intended for situations where a transaction was not fraudulent, or when you were not incorrectly charged by a merchant. However, many credit card providers offer various types of guarantees that may apply in your situation. In some European countries, like the UK, services are included with goods under Section 75, which may provide a path for recourse. While the US primarily covers goods, do review your credit card agreement to confirm your options. Alternatively, consider working with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and leverage their sample form letter to ask for a refund of your money. If the merchant is not cooperative, the FTC may intervene, especially if there are many others in your situation."}
{"669": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThere are minimal benefits to obtaining a second credit card, as it primarily benefits the creditor, not the holder. Credit cards often carry high-interest rates that require repayment each month, making it unnecessary to increase your credit capacity. Additionally, with online payment options widely available, having multiple cards to avoid reaching your balance limit is unnecessary. However, if you carry a balance each month, obtaining a second card may further increase debt. It may be practical to have a basic VISA card as not all merchants accept AMEX. Consider canceling your AMEX if you obtain a VISA to avoid unnecessary fees and debt accumulation."}
{"670": "\n\nYes, there are several payment options available. Personally, I have had a positive experience with Paypal. However, I have also noticed an abundance of advertisements lately for Square, a portable card reader that can be connected to a smartphone and used to swipe credit cards. Comparatively, with Paypal, the credit card number must be manually inputted."}
{"671": "\n\nOn various trading platforms and websites, including CBOE, you can view the bid/ask and statistics for a particular option at each of the available options exchanges, as well as the best possible offer available across all exchanges. To better understand these different exchanges, cboe.com offers a helpful Delayed Quote Help section that outlines the single-letter codes used to represent them. For example, A is used for the AMEX options exchange, B for BOX, X for PHLX, and so on."}
{"672": "\n\nIt appears that the loan document does not outline any provisions for how to proceed under these circumstances. In my opinion, this situation would warrant a new loan agreement. The total amount owed would include the remaining principal, interest from the past two years, and any associated penalties. However, I do not believe that a new 13-year loan term would be an appropriate course of action for the lender to take. A reasonable repayment plan would typically involve making double payments until the debt is satisfied, or paying an additional $1000 per month until caught up, before resuming regular payments."}
{"673": "\n\nFinancial theory suggests that there should be no difference in investor returns between dividend-paying and non-dividend-paying stocks except for the tax consequences. This is because companies can either pay dividends or reinvest capital and earn the same return on investment. However, this theory may not apply in reality as different companies may have varying life stages and capital needs that affect their dividend payout policies. For instance, new mining companies may not have enough cash flow to pay dividends while established companies with no lucrative projects left may choose to pay dividends. Therefore, saying \"dividend-paying\" or \"growth stocks\" is often a proxy for the life stage, risk, and return of a company. Tax implications also play a role in deciding between dividend and capital gains as taxation on dividends and stock sales varies by jurisdiction and income level. Finally, dividend policies can reflect differences in risk levels and life stages, but this is not always a guaranteed indicator. Ultimately, choosing a dividend policy depends on an investor's tax position and risk tolerance."}
{"674": "\n\nRevised: Having insurance may not be beneficial for everyone. Only a select few may benefit greatly from it. Insurance is essentially a wager, where you win when you lose. Unfortunately, very few people lose enough to come out as winners. For the majority of people, paying into insurance can result in a loss as they never receive as much as they put in. Therefore, for most individuals and situations, insurance is not a good investment. The reason why people seek insurance is because they are unable to accurately calculate the probability of something bad happening as well as an expert actuary. As a result, the insurance provider profits from the difference in knowledge. The provider is well-informed and sells products that customers may not ever need. However, many individuals struggle to understand probability and accurately assess risk. Understanding the true expense of risk is essential to comprehending money and wealth. Wealthy people are typically aware of the worth and cost of risk. They only purchase insurance when they anticipate a loss or crisis, meaning there is a possibility of winning. Wealthy people generally avoid gambling, except when they have the advantage. Therefore, when a self-made rich individual invests in something, it is because they anticipate a probable gain."}
{"675": "\n\nI prefer not to employ market orders. Some brokerages require a short-sale approval process before entering the market, which can cause a delay and result in significant changes in market pricing. Other brokerages have a designated account for short sales that requires prior approval before trading. While I appreciate the comprehensive list of shares available for shorting provided by Interactive Brokers, I have encountered a frustrating issue where my orders linger on the screen without being executed, even though the shares are listed."}
{"676": "\n\nI have additional information to investigate. Firstly, India has signed a dual tax avoidance treaty with European countries, which ensures that NRIs are not taxed in both countries simultaneously. It is recommended that you confirm whether India has a similar agreement with Switzerland. \n\nFurthermore, for freelance jobs delivered from India, it is important to determine where taxes should be paid since you are still residing in India. Therefore, the category of NRI will not be applicable in this case. \n\nMoreover, if a Swiss company is paying tax, and you are a freelancer based in India, details regarding tax filing and applicable rates must be thoroughly researched. Additionally, it is worth exploring if tax refunds are possible in Switzerland, as this is applicable in countries like Germany. However, it is unclear if this applies to freelancers or non-residents in Switzerland. \n\nRegards, \n\nBip."}
{"677": "\n\nThe fear tactics above were likely posted by IRS agents. However, you do qualify based on the residence test as you perform your work outside the US and gather business data in a foreign country. The income earned can be excluded."}
{"678": "\n\nTurboTax reports that for the year 2015, the AMT exemption amounts are as follows: $53,600 for individual taxpayers, $83,400 for married taxpayers filing jointly and surviving spouses, and $41,700 for married persons filing separately. This is the amount eligible for deduction from taxable income prior to the application of AMT."}
{"679": "\n\nIn the fine print, there are important details regarding the account limit. If the daily balance of the Savings Account is below or equal to $5,000.00, the interest rate is 4.91% with an annual percentage yield (APY) of 5.00%. However, any amount over $5,000.01 will earn an interest rate of 0.49% and an APY of 0.50%. It is essential to note that the interest rates and APYs of each tier may change and were accurate as of March 1, 2014. The promotional rates are subject to change without notice according to applicable law. The account does not require a minimum balance to start, and the yield is accessible. However, the funds from the Savings Account are withdrawn through the Card Account, which may incur transaction fees reducing the interest earned. Both Card Account and Savings Account funds are FDIC-insured upon verifying the Cardholder's identity. Furthermore, for the purpose of FDIC coverage limit, all deposits held by the Cardholder at BofI Federal Bank will be combined, currently up to the coverage limit of $250,000.00."}
{"680": "\n\nIf you are just starting a business, using a personal credit card for expenses may not put you at a disadvantage. In fact, personal cards provide better consumer protections than business cards. However, some business credit cards may not appear on your personal credit report unless you fail to make payments. This can potentially improve your credit score if you have a limited credit history. As your business grows, your credit card issuer may expect higher charges on a business credit card and could become suspicious of significant expenses on a personal card. It's important to be aware of this possibility, although it's uncertain whether it would ever happen."}
{"681": "\n\nThe level of risk mitigation you can achieve will largely depend on the liquidity of your investments. For instance, you can only reduce risks that are within your control. It is advisable to maintain investments that offer:"}
{"682": "\n\nOOTD, short for Out of the Dark, is an effective budgeting and personal finance web application that respects your privacy. It doesn't ask for access to your bank accounts or personal information. It's an ideal tool for anyone who lacks financial expertise, with advanced features such as Cash Put-Aside and the Credit Card Debt Terminator. Additionally, it includes numerous instructional guides that illustrate how to use each feature. Feel free to visit our website, myootd.org, to learn more."}
{"683": "\n\nRob, I apologize that your first experience here hasn't been positive. However, I must point out that what you're requesting is beyond the capability of most software programs. If you visit Fairmark.com, you'll find that the standard deduction for married filing jointly was $12,200 in 2012 and increased to $12,400 in 2013. I would like to share an anecdote about deductions. When I first prepared my MIL's taxes, I had to explain to her that she didn't have enough deductions to itemize. Since then, she submits a file full of papers, but her medical deductions don't exceed 7.5% of her income. I return two folders to her, one with the necessary documents and one labeled \"trash.\" Fewer than 30% of taxpayers elect to itemize. Most who do, have no doubt that it's the correct choice, such as when their property tax exceeds the $12K standard deduction. Only those on the cusp of itemizing are likely to be frustrated. \n\nMy article on Standard Deduction versus Itemizing describes a method for reducing the number of deductible expenses in even years, thus allowing for an itemized deduction in alternating tax years. If this is your situation, you may find this concept interesting. \n\nYou inquire about filing status. After importing our W2's from ADP into TurboTax, I do the same with our stock information. Neither the stock data nor the Schedule A deductions are assigned a name. Therefore, any attempt to divide these for Married Filing Separately (MFS) would require the separation of these components. While TurboTax offers a 'what-if' worksheet for this function, it has no relevance since the \"marriage penalty\" was eliminated years ago; furthermore, items that phase out at certain income thresholds are usually lost to a separate filer anyhow. \n\nWhen I got married, I couldn't claim my real estate losses each year, which continued to accumulate until either I sold or our income decreased when my spouse retired. In conclusion, while I appreciate your desire for special features in software, I believe it's safe to say that it would not be of much use to most people. If this discussion continues, I would be interested if anyone could give an example of how filing separately genuinely benefits a couple."}
{"684": "\n\nI've noticed some lengthy and complex responses on this thread, so I'll keep it short and sweet: Let's use an economy with 10 apples and $10 as an example. In this case, an apple costs $1. If you print an additional $10, you'll end up with 10 apples and $20. This would make an apple cost $2. Simple, right?\n\nNow, I'd like to touch on the issue of inflation. In my opinion, it's nothing short of theft. If someone were to hack into a bank and steal 10% from every account, we'd call it theft. But when the government prints more money, which results in a 10% decrease in the value of people's bank accounts, it's not as obvious. However, the outcome is still the same.\n\nOne thing to note is that I don't believe that inflation occurs when the supply of goods drops - for example, if 5 out of the 10 apples in our original example had rotted and we now have 5 apples and $10, with each apple costing $2. In this situation, it's due to a decrease in supply, and if demand remains the same, prices will increase."}
{"685": "\n\nThere is usually a legal explanation for this matter. As an example, based on your profile, Austria currently implements a 4% Statutory interest rate. It is important to research both current and past interest rates. Additionally, it is important to note that non-commercial interest rates should be used as some countries distinguish between loans made to businesses and loans made to individuals."}
{"686": "\n\nThe focus should not be on sales but on profits. Banks achieve profits through lending. Similar to physical products, there are costs involved, income generated, and gross profit is the difference between the two. Net profit can then be calculated, along with efficiency metrics or profit per share. Alternatively, one can opt for index funds to attain average returns without having to worry about the details."}
{"687": "\n\nConsider converting your current residence into a rental property; a fixed rate loan is preferable for this. However, you mentioned having an adjustable rate mortgage (ARM), which makes it more difficult to make this transition. Here's how it works: if you can charge enough rent to cover your current mortgage, as well as the difference in interest on your new mortgage, the income generated from your rental property can effectively reduce the interest rate on your new home. By maintaining your current low rate, month after month, you'll pay the market rate on your new home while also earning rental income from your former property to offset the increased expense. Although a significant portion of your value may be tied up in equity from your former home and not easily accessible (except through a HELOC or similar), it remains a viable possibility if you can afford it."}
{"688": "\n\nThe term \"bespoke\" signifies a product that is tailor-made. When referring to insurance, it implies a non-standard policy that caters to unique protection needs or risks, not usually covered by regular policies. Your local insurance provider may not offer bespoke insurance coverage. However, specific companies specialize in providing such policies. Reinsurance, on the other hand, entails insurance for insurance. If Company X needs to insure a risk, they approach Insurance Company A. Eventually, if Insurance Company A sells multiple policies and anticipates considerable risk, they obtain \"bespoke\" reinsurance from Insurance Company B. This policy safeguards Insurance Company A if a certain percentage of their policies default."}
{"689": "\n\nWhere does the interest come from? The same place as other savings accounts. When you deposit money into a savings account, the bank invests it elsewhere, typically by lending it out to others. They make a profit as long as the interest they pay for borrowing from you, plus the cost of managing savings accounts and loans, is less than the interest they charge for lending to others. While banks are not obligated to pay interest, they do so to encourage clients to deposit funds with them instead of other banks that offer interest on deposits. The bank's goal is to pay as little as possible while retaining depositors and charging as much as possible without losing borrowers. Banks offer higher interest rates on loans than paid on deposits because loans carry higher risks than deposits, and there is additional work required to manage them. Investment with higher returns requires more work and higher risks along with larger reserves to cover any losses."}
{"690": "\n\nWhile past option prices are accessible for numerous options, they typically come at a cost, and one such provider is OptionMetrics. However, other less expensive providers may exist for individual investors or smaller institutions. OptionMetrics derives its data from the National Best Bid and Offer. Although it is likely that it does not include some over-the-counter options, it is generally suitable for someone interested in the queried option."}
{"691": "\n\nYahoo reports that AAPL was trading at $113.26 at 1:10 PM on 11/13/15,"}
{"692": "\n\nTo tackle this problem, we can break it down into two parts: the future value of the initial deposit and the future value of the payments. For the future value of the initial deposit, we use the formula D(1 + i)n. For the future value of the payments, the formula is A((1+i)n-1) / i). By adding these two formulas together, we can determine the total amount of money that should be in our account at the end. Be sure to adjust the interest rate and number of payments accordingly. Divide the interest rate by the number of periods in a year (four for quarterly, twelve for monthly) and multiply the result by the number of periods (p). It is important to ensure that the monthly deposit amount is also in the same terms. For more information, consult the Annuity (finance theory) article on Wikipedia."}
{"693": "\n\nThe share-price weighting of the DJIA is a result of its historical origins. Although the index has been in existence for more than a century, it continues to be share-price weighted simply because that's how it has always been done. When the DJIA was first calculated on May 26, 1896, price-weighting was probably the most practical method available at the time. However, it is now widely acknowledged that this approach is not entirely logical. As a result, other indexes such as the S&P500 are considered superior barometers."}
{"694": "\n\nRegrettably, I believe that there is no satisfactory answer to this query as it is not clearly defined. It seems as though you are seeking a methodical criterion that would enable you to determine whether to sell or retain a stock. This type of criterion would involve computing the cost of continuing to hold a stock and contrasting it with the transaction cost of replacing it in your portfolio. However, your stock selection criterion does not adhere to this method. You seem to have established some arbitrary guidelines that define whether you desire the stock in your portfolio or not, which leaves no way to calculate the cost of retaining an unwanted stock or the cost of not having a desired stock. Criteria for optimally rebalancing a portfolio are no more precise than the regulations that determine the portfolio's composition."}
{"695": "\n\nYour strategy seems sound. Alternatively, if it appears that you have room in your tax-advantaged accounts, consider investing in tax-inefficient assets like REITs and high-yield bond funds. This way, your investments generating non-capital-gain income will be safe from the IRS until retirement or indefinitely. Investments generating only capital gains income are safe until they're sold, and even then, they're tax-friendly. Although there aren't many tax-expensive investment vehicles, especially for young investors, you may still have room in your retirement accounts after allocating funds to REITs and bond funds. In such cases, you can use the article I linked above to evaluate investment types based on tax-efficiency and decide what to invest in next."}
{"696": "\n\nI believe that no Canadian bank currently provides the functionality for online banking guest accounts. Nevertheless, most banks are currently making efforts to enhance their online banking platform, so it's possible that they may consider the idea of offering guest accounts in the future."}
{"697": "\n\nAll three terms essentially refer to a kind of debt that has the potential to be converted into equity at some point. The primary difference lies in the specific mechanics of the conversion process. A convertible bond, for example, functions like a traditional bond, paying periodic interest and having a face value due at maturity. However, the bondholder can opt to convert the debt into equity within the bond's lifespan, usually subject to specific conditions and limitations. In contrast, a convertible note is typically used in startup financing, redeemable not for cash but for equity as part of a later financing round. Rather than a fixed number of shares, the bondholder receives equity at a discount to the market price. While a debenture refers to unsecured debt, convertible debt can describe either of the two structures above. Essentially, both are debt forms that can evolve into equity investments, but their methods of doing so differ."}
{"698": "\n\nWhen opening a 529 account, the state you choose can have a significant impact on your fees. Some states have excessive charges, so it's important to choose wisely. Your selected state does not have to be your own; however, certain states provide tax incentives for remaining in-state. To ensure you make the best decision, consult Clark Howard's 529 Guide and confirm whether your state is on the \"good\" list or consider selecting a state with suitable options."}
{"699": "\n\nI am uncertain about international transfers, but it is possible that the amount you are considering could be subject to gift tax. The IRS provides detailed information on gift taxes in their Small Business and Self-Employed FAQ page, which you may find helpful. It is important to note that the tax threshold is \"per person, per year,\" which means that if you plan to give a gift to multiple individuals, such as your parents, you can give up to $14,000 per person without incurring any gift tax. For example, if you give your father $12,500 and your mother $12,500, you and your spouse can each give them the same amount without exceeding the tax-free threshold. If you are not married, you may want to spread the gift over two years to avoid exceeding the threshold."}
{"700": "\n\nA white paper titled \"The Weekend Effect of Equity Options\" examines the phenomenon of option values losing money from Friday to Monday, since it gets closer to expiration. Though not entirely reliable, this trend is observed in both unhedged and delta-hedged positions and not due to any weekend effect in the underlying securities. The study also finds a stronger weekend effect in implied volatilities post an adjustment to quote implied volatilities. This trend is present across maturities and strike prices, equally and market-value weighted portfolios, and the most liquid options in the market. The effect is especially pronounced over expiration weekends and during mid-week holidays, and it is stronger during high TED spread and market volatility, thus supporting the limits to arbitrage explanation. Authors Christopher S. Jones and Joshua Shemes provide further details in the link available on Memphis.edu."}
{"701": "\n\nThank you, KeithB and Ross, for your response. After conducting further research, it appears that I need to follow these steps. Please correct me if I am mistaken."}
{"702": "\n\nIt is not recommended to proceed with option #2, as it may not accurately reflect the situation unless the equities were specifically transferred instead of cash. The first option is the correct solution, with the caveat to confirm that the target account is also tax deferred. In the event of any issues, it is still advisable to follow the first option and include a note to explain the situation to all parties involved. It's best to adhere to the closest indication of what actually happened for accuracy."}
{"703": "\n\nThere are several options you may want to consider. However, please note that my suggestions are from a US perspective and may not be available in Russia. \n\nFirstly, you may want to explore DRIPS (Dividend Reinvestment Plans). These plans are designed to fit your request. Companies that pay dividends set them up, and if you own at least one share (usually costing less than $100), they will use the dividends to buy more shares automatically. This is a low-cost way to invest in many high-quality stocks. For example, stalwart stocks such as GE and many utility and real estate stocks (REITs) offer DRIPS. Check out the following links:\n\nSecondly, you may want to consider brokerages that specialize in buying smaller amounts of stocks regularly to simulate a DRIP. ShareBuilder allows you to invest $50 or $100 a month in one or more stocks. However, their commission fees can diminish your returns at smaller amounts. Folio Investing also operates similarly to ShareBuilder. It's worth comparing their commissions and other features."}
{"704": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I do not have personal experiences to share. Below is a revised version of the given text as it may be written from an impartial standpoint:\n\nThis information pertains to Quicken users. A Cash account called \"Temporary Assets and Liabilities\" is set up to monitor amounts owed to others or by oneself. When an expense is paid that does not belong to the user, it is recorded as a transfer into this account. Consequently, the payment is not counted as an expense, and the reimbursement is not counted as income. The two transactions offset each other without any further impact on financial records."}
{"705": "\n\nI recommend that you try out AlauxSoft Accounts and Budget software, which helps manage your finances. It is available as both a free version and a shareware version for 24 EUR. You can download it at http://www.alauxsoft.com. Best regards, Michel ALAUX."}
{"706": "\n\nI went to my sister's new Rausch Coleman house today to help her move in. I advised her to ensure that the hot water heater room door in the garage is installed when they come back to take care of the final touch-ups. Additionally, I noticed while driving through her neighborhood that everyone had taped and mudded garages but no paint, so I reminded her to request the garage to be painted. To my surprise, my sister informed me that Rausch Coleman was not returning to do any touch-ups, and that the house did not come with a door for the hot water heater or a painted garage. I couldn't believe it. How could such basic amenities not be included in the base package? It was like neglecting to put covers on electrical outlets. Shame on Rausch Coleman for such terrible customer service and cheating their clients. Moreover, the paint job was awful, and even a nine-year-old could have done a better job. The bathroom mirrors were not hung centered, and the dishwasher was not anchored down, leading it to come out of the hole. I could go on and on. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you avoid using this builder."}
{"707": "\n\nThis investment approach could provide tax benefits. In certain nations, dividends can be taxed as income, whereas earnings from share trades fall under capital gains. If you have surpassed your tax-exempt income limit, but not your allowance for capital gains tax, it might be more advisable to aim for a trading profit rather than investment income. Such arrangements are commonly known as \"bed-and-breakfast.\""}
{"708": "\n\nThis is the key information pertaining to your inquiry about financing for a property purchase. As someone with experience in lending and real estate, my first question would be, what is the specific scenario for your purchase?\n\nAssuming you are seeking funding for an Owner Occupied, Super Jumbo Loan with a 20% down payment or $360K, on a $1.8 million purchase price, the loan amount would be approximately $1.45 million. It can be assumed that your FICO score is strong.\n\nIt is important to note that the more debt you have, the higher your backend-DTI, which can harm your chances of securing the deal. Your limit should ideally be less than 35%. While it is possible to obtain this loan, it is wise to keep more cash on hand, especially since buying at the current real estate peak means that there is a risk of a market downturn in the future.\n\nIn the event of a recession or decline in property values, if you do not have the funds to cover the loss, it could take close to a decade to recover your initial investment. Therefore, even if you do obtain the loan, it may be smarter to hold onto cash for other investments.\n\nUltimately, if you choose to pursue this deal, you will likely pay higher fees and points with a higher interest rate compared to the scenario with a 40% down payment. However, keeping additional funds available for investment purposes, such as cash-flow generating units, is advised.\n\nI have highlighted the important factors, including your debt-to-income ratio, in the yellow section of the image provided below. If your debt is low or non-existent, and your income is sufficient, you can proceed with the deal with a FICO score of at least 680. Although the rate will vary, it is less important than the total cost and monthly payment for qualification purposes.\n\n\n(Image provided below)"}
{"709": "\n\nIt is possible to have both options exercised and assigned on the same day. However, it is unlikely that you would lose money on both options on the same day. This is because exercises are immediate, but assignments are processed at the end of the day when the markets close. More information on assignments can be found at http://www.888options.com/help/faq/assignment.jsp.\n\nIf both options are exercised, you will receive both assignments that night. This means you will not own any stock, as someone will just buy and sell it from you. You should then have incoming cash of $1500 from selling the stock to the call exerciser and outgoing cash of $1300 from buying from the put exerciser. This will leave you with $200 more cash in your account in the morning. Basically, in this options position, you agree to buy at $13 and sell at $15 at someone else's option.\n\nThe only way you can lose money is if one option is exercised, while the other isn't. So, if the stock price is below $13, no one will opt to buy from you for $15, but they'll sell to you for $13. On the other hand, if the stock price is above $15, no one will opt to sell to you at $13, but they'll buy from you at $15. If neither option is exercised, you get to keep the premium you sold for, and if both options are exercised, you get to keep the gap between the two, plus the premium. It is rare for both options to be exercised, especially early in the contract, but it can happen. If it does, you stand to make a profit.\n\nHaving both options exercised on the same day is uncommon, but it is more likely to happen before expiration with minimal time value if the stock moves around quickly, so both options are in the money at some point during the day."}
{"710": "\n\nI believe the concept is that by making extra principal payments in the early years of a mortgage, you can significantly reduce the overall interest expense throughout the loan's life due to the way mortgages are amortized. A HELOC works similarly to a credit card in that it accrues interest, but if you use it to make significant principal payments, you can pay off those portions of the debt faster than if you only made regular mortgage payments. While I don't have the exact calculations, I suspect that you can achieve comparable outcomes by simply paying more than the minimum required, such as making an extra payment annually, which can shave off 7-9 years from a 30-year loan. The benefit of using a HELOC loan is that it allows you to borrow more, which in turn may permit you to lower the mortgage's payments by recalculating them."}
{"711": "\n\nThe number of shares is too small to significantly impact the market. It is rare to indicate the selling price unless one is personally trading on the floor. Even then, with a trading volume of $50,000, it would amount to a $45,000 loss. Typically, selling at $5 per share implies that the broker sells as long as the price exceeds $5. Regulations limit tactics that may affect the price when you reach the required volume to manipulate the market. One such tactic is Pump and Dump, and even discussing the opposite may signify preparation for the con. High Frequency Trading (HTF) software, used extensively on Wall Street, uses complex yet private heuristics to analyze the stock market and execute multiple trades quickly. Decisions occur in milliseconds, resulting in sudden market shifts for no apparent reason. Any human trader's efforts to manipulate the market in contrast to these HTF systems would be akin to a child on a tricycle competing against The Flash."}
{"712": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIn basic terms, an equity loan involves borrowing money from a bank to purchase assets such as homes or shares. A protected equity loan is typically utilized in the stock market, where an investor has a portfolio of shares and sets a minimum value that the portfolio cannot fall below. If the portfolio drops below that value, some shares may be sold to prevent further financial losses. However, this is only a brief explanation and does not fully encompass the complexities of equity loans and protected equity loans."}
{"713": "\n\nIf you have the funds to pay off your debts, there is no need to involve a credit counselor. Their primary role is to negotiate payments with creditors on your behalf. However, if your credit score is low, it may be challenging to secure auto financing, and interest rates and payments will likely be high. It is advisable to work on improving your credit score before attempting to purchase a vehicle. If possible, consider purchasing a car for cash to alleviate transportation difficulties while working on credit issues. It is vital to pay off debts to avoid having them appear as open collections, which can negatively impact your credit score. Although paying them off will not entirely eliminate the initial hit from going to collections, it can mitigate some of the effects. Best of luck to you!"}
{"714": "\n\nThere is an entire industry dedicated to this, with professionals utilizing Bloomberg terminals and High Frequency Traders relying on computers to read news feeds. Meanwhile, amateurs use trading consoles such as Thinkorswim to promptly access stock headlines."}
{"715": "\n\n\"The price of the last trade\" refers to the specific price agreed upon by a single buyer and seller. However, this price may not accurately reflect the true value of the stock as it is possible that one party asked for too little or offered too much. Therefore, relying solely on the last trade price may not be useful in predicting future offers or demands. Instead, taking an average of a large number of trades may provide a rough consensus on the stock's value, but the average itself is constantly changing.\n\nTo purchase or sell a stock, individuals have several options including waiting for an agreed-upon price, taking the best price available at that moment (even if it may not be the best in the future), or setting limits for an acceptable trade-off. Each of these options has its own risks and benefits. It is important to choose the option that aligns most with your personal intentions, without becoming too fixated on the small differences in prices.\n\nLastly, fluctuations in the market are to be expected, and the value of a stock can change quickly. As a result, sellers may be unable to provide a lower price than what is currently available due to inventory changes or market demands. It is important to understand how the market works and not become too fixated on the nuances of individual transactions."}
{"716": "\n\n:\n\n\nIf the US equity market were to crash, it is highly likely that global equity markets would follow suit. This is because the US is home to a large number of the world's largest businesses, and there are strong correlations between equity markets across the globe. As such, equities should be viewed as a global asset class rather than a regional one. \n\nIn terms of the impact on currency markets, a crash in equity markets could result in panic selling of stocks denominated in various currencies, with the most significant sell-off likely to occur in USD due to the large number of US-based businesses trading on the global stock exchanges. This would cause additional selling pressure on the USD as the rest of the world sells their US equities for cash USD, which they may then exchange for their respective local currencies.\n\nHowever, during times of equity market distress, investors often turn to the safety of bond markets. It is likely that the majority of the world's largest bond markets are denominated in USD, so those who receive cash USD for their equities are likely to reinvest in USD-denominated bonds. This means that there may be no significant correlation between equity markets and currency markets at all.\n\nA quick search on Google confirms these potential effects. Overall, it is crucial to understand the interconnectedness of global markets and assets, and to take a comprehensive view of all relevant factors when making investment decisions."}
{"717": "\n\nBy paying a fee, obtaining a valuation from a commercial appraiser is a viable option. In Australia, the average cost of this service is approximately $100 to $200."}
{"718": "\n\nBe cautious if you suffer an injury at work because your per diem will not be included in your wage, resulting in lower wages and reduced worker's compensation benefits!"}
{"719": "\n\nMy rule of thumb is that if a bill comes from a government office of taxation and you fail to pay, they can put a tax lien on your property - it's a tax. However, there is a complication discussed in Pub530 involving local benefits assessments. Local benefits can increase your property value, such as the construction of streets, sidewalks, or water and sewer systems. You cannot deduct these amounts. Instead, you must add them to the basis of your property. However, you may deduct assessments (or taxes) for local benefits if they are for maintenance, repair, or interest charges related to those benefits. For example, a charge to repair an existing sidewalk and any interest included in that charge may be deductible. \n\nIf only a part of the assessment is for maintenance, repair, or interest charges, you must be able to show the amount of that part to claim the deduction. If you cannot show what part of the assessment is for maintenance, repair, or interest charges, none of it is deductible. If an assessment for a local benefit is listed on your real estate tax bill, you should use the rules in this section to determine how much you may deduct. \n\nHowever, the issue arises when it comes to the Center City tax bill. If it is a separate line or bill, then it may not count. The CCD is a business improvement district that provides supplemental services to Philadelphia's downtown, but it is unclear whether residential property owners can be included or not. Some BIDs can accept tax-deductible donations, which may be deductible for itemizers. Essentially, if the deduction is not possible for homeowners, it should be deductible for others. It is best to consult a tax professional for a definitive answer."}
{"720": "\n\nI would assume that small merchants may experience a slight variance. For large merchants, they may also incur expenses equivalent to the card fees, making cash transactions equally costly. To learn more about credit card companies' profitability, please refer to my other response at \"How do credit card companies make a profit?\""}
{"721": "\n\nA significant part of the issue is rooted in ignorance. Many people believe that the US government can default on its loans, despite the fact that it cannot. Additionally, the US government has the ability to create money whenever it needs it, and does not necessarily have to borrow to fund expenses. Unfortunately, these two crucial facts often elude many people, who believe the government should approach finances like a household, business or state government. This creates a significant disconnect, leading to confusion and sometimes even a fiscal crisis. However, as Rahm Emanuel once said, we shouldn't let a good crisis go to waste. It is important to note that this is not to suggest that the US should create money haphazardly without considering its implications. Rather, it is simply stating that it has the capacity to do so. For those interested in delving deeper, check out Modern Monetary Theory (MMT), which examines the economics of a world not based on the gold standard or convertible currency (fiat currency)."}
{"722": "\n\nTo create a personalized spreadsheet of Cash Flows, you can utilize the XIRR function within Excel. The formula for this function is as follows:"}
{"723": "\n\nDepending on the cost of the debt, it's essential to prioritize paying it off first, particularly if it's consumer or credit card debt. This is a wise investment decision. For instance, let's suppose it's credit card debt and you're paying 18% interest on $1,000. If you pay it off, you'll be saving $180 on interest (18% of $1,000). You'd have to earn an 18% return on an investment of $1,000 to generate $180. Here's a helpful link that discusses approaches to reducing debt. Once your debt is paid off, you'll have the financial flexibility to begin building wealth. The crucial factor is having positive cash flow."}
{"724": "\n\nChinese suppliers have the option to quote their prices in CNY rather than the usual USD, which would eliminate the risk of exchange rate fluctuations with the US dollar. The CNY has been consistently increasing in value, and agreeing to receive payments in USD when their costs are in CNY would result in suppliers being at a disadvantage, requiring them to increase their prices. Canadian importers would need to purchase RMB using CAD to pay for their orders, while Canadian exporters can receive payment in RMB or set their prices in CAD. This approach eliminates risks and reduces costs by bypassing the US dollar middleman. Japan adopted a similar practice several decades ago, switching from pricing their products in USD. This is significant in large transactions, not insignificant amounts related to tourism. The bilateral trade between China and Canada exceeds $70bn annually. The actual Forex trading may exceed the actual trade volumes, with the global Forex market being over ten times larger than the actual international trade volume. This trading creates more job opportunities on Bay Street and injects funds into a critical part of the Canadian economy. A recent report from the liberal Toronto Star highlights this development."}
{"725": "\n\nLower your debt. Any kind of debt poses a risk. Being debt-free means having no risk and the possibility of generating income from investments in the future. Moreover, you will have a good night's sleep knowing that you owe nothing. It's likely that your 6-month emergency fund is sufficient, but don't forget to maintain it at the living expense level for 6 months (restaurants are not included in living expenses)."}
{"726": "\n\nTo begin with, let me clarify some confusion about the Sterling Ratio. Although it is a useful measurement in personal finance, it may not be as applicable to foreign exchange trading systems. Typically, hedge funds use the Sterling Ratio to determine the risk-reward ratio of long-term investments. However, there are different interpretations of the Sterling Ratio, such as the definition proposed by Deane Sterling Jones, which is more suitable for measuring a trading system's long-term risk-reward ratio. For this calculation, the Average Annual Draw-down should be negative in the formula. This is an easy calculation to use to measure a portfolio's long-term results. For example, for a 5 or 10-year period, calculate the average of each year's largest drawdown. \n\nIt's worth noting that the Sterling Ratio is also applicable to personal investment portfolios. However, its common usage is in investment strategies like hedging, where long-term investments are made in securities that are anti-correlated. This helps to obtain a diverse portfolio with stable growth. The Average Largest Drawdown is the average between the maximum drawdown from each security in the portfolio. \n\nAs an example, consider that a portfolio contains five securities with maximum drawdowns of 0.12, 0.23, 0.06, 0.36, and 0.09. The Average Largest Drawdown would be the average of these values, which equals 0.172 or 17.2%. \n\nIn order to calculate the Sterling Ratio, the portfolio's annual return and the risk-free rate must be calculated. Generally, this ratio is calculated annually because it relies on the Annual Risk-Free Rate. If the portfolio's annual return is 15% and the risk-free rate is 10%, then the Sterling Ratio would be calculated as SR = (0.15 - 0.10)/0.172, resulting in a ratio of 0.29. The higher the ratio, the better the risk-reward ratio of your portfolio. \n\nIf you are looking to calculate a long-term risk-reward ratio for your trading system, then I would suggest using the original Sterling Ratio. If this is not applicable to your situation, then consider using the Sharpe and Sortino ratios instead."}
{"727": "\n\nIf you're questioning the legitimacy of eToro or other CFD providers (or even Forex providers, which have some similarities), you can search \"eToro scam\" on Google to find out more about possible concerns."}
{"728": "\n\nDo you have a Twitter account? If so, I suggest tweeting this question directly to @Orbitz and/or @AmericanAir (AA). Before tweeting, make sure to refine your message and present a concise and polite narrative that includes all relevant details and the reason for requesting an exception. Social media can be effective in getting customer service in difficult situations because it allows you to communicate directly with higher-ranking officials in a more persuasive manner. To tweet this question to StackExchange directly, you can generate a post that includes \"@Orbitz @AmericanAir, you changed our travel plan, and now it doesn't work for our child's special needs. Can you help us out?\" followed by a link to this question or a related blog post.\n\nWhether or not you can dispute a merchant charge with Orbitz would depend on the terms of the agreement you signed when booking your tickets. If Orbitz complied with their policies and the airline had to cancel your flight, you technically may not be able to dispute the charge. However, you could potentially seek recourse through your Chase Sapphire card, although Trip Cancellation Insurance may not apply in this situation. It might be worthwhile to contact Chase to explore your options.\n\nTo avoid these issues in the future, consider using Orbitz's website to book your travel as they can offer help in situations like these, and you can also earn bonus rewards when redeeming miles through the site. As a Sapphire cardholder, you also qualify for 25% bonus rewards, making it a worthy solution."}
{"729": "\n\nIf your spouse wants to purchase a car and obtain a car loan to finance it, they are free to do so. After purchasing the vehicle, they are permitted to let you use it. However, if you are the car's owner, the loan must be in your name since your spouse cannot acquire a loan backed by an asset they do not possess. While they could secure a personal loan and forward the funds to you, the interest rates may be high. Moreover, being married may impact the scenario, even if you are not on the documents. The implications vary depending on the state you live in. If you wish to pursue this approach, one of the most effective ways to learn the specifics is by having your spouse ask the loan provider, \"Can I apply for financing separately from my spouse, or will they be included in the credit review?\""}
{"730": "\n\nRevised: With a gross income of $4,000 per month, approximately $1,000 per month can be allocated towards a mortgage. Based on current interest rates, this would translate to a borrowing capacity of around $200,000 from the bank. It's important to note that income qualifications are based on gross, rather than net income. Therefore, if the estimated annual income of $48,000 is inaccurate, the borrowing limit may need to be adjusted accordingly. While today's rates may allow for a mortgage up to four times one's gross income, I personally believe that it is too high. In my opinion, a more prudent borrowing limit would be 2.5-3 times one's income. It's important to keep in mind that the figures provided reflect what the bank may approve, rather than what may be a wise financial decision."}
{"731": "\n\nNet income is impacted by both internal and external factors beyond management's control, and should be complemented with other indicators to obtain a comprehensive assessment of a company's health. Initially, accounting was based on cash transactions, which could be misleading due to variations in cash flow. This led to the adoption of accrual-based accounting, which records transactions before the cash is exchanged, allowing for greater accuracy in financial reporting. However, this system also allowed for accounting manipulation, as demonstrated by Enron's fraudulent revenue accruals. Accounting guidelines are in place to limit such practices, although management still tries to accelerate net income whenever possible. Additionally, some items affecting profit are reported in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), which portrays events outside of management's control, such as changes in currency exchange rates or fluctuations in the stock market which impact the company's pension plan. Nevertheless, OCI may not capture all non-management-related events accurately. Given these nuances, net income is intended to reflect what is under management control, but it may not always provide a complete and accurate representation of a company's performance. Hence, other metrics must also be considered to provide a more comprehensive and accurate picture of a company's overall financial health."}
{"732": "\n\nRevised: The estimated revenue from the contract is $400m, which is projected to be realized over several years during implementation. However, the revenue is not guaranteed since the contract needs to be fulfilled. Although the impact on the stock price is expected to be positive, it is unlikely to result in a $400m increase in market capitalization. If the company has a history of regularly winning such contracts, this announcement may not have a significant impact on the stock price as the market may have already factored it in. For instance, if analysts expect the company to secure contracts worth $1.2b in this fiscal year and it has already achieved a third of that, as projected, it may not significantly affect the stock price."}
{"733": "\n\nI have been trading with Dollarbird Trading for the past year and have had no issues; everything has been smooth. Anyone can find information about them on Google. They provided me with the LASER trading platform, which requires some training to understand the software. However, one thing I have noticed is that trading in the US Equity market is vastly different from the Indian market. The US market is highly mature, liquid, and has high volatility, making it the perfect market for trading. However, to trade on the US equity market, one needs to have experience, as it is quite different from other markets."}
{"734": "\n\nRevised: It should be noted that their interest expense amounted to $17M. While the Key Statistics show $5.14/sh, any daily interest received is negated by the expense paid at the same time. Though I appreciate your concern, this company is different from Apple, Google, and the likes, as it is not \"sitting on cash\". Given the current short-term rates below 1% and the 1-year tbill rate of approximately 0.2%, per share, you may only have 1 cent interest to worry about. It is important to clarify that this discussion is not related to taxes. The original poster's concern pertains to a specific part of the company's cash flow, and his worst-case scenario is $1 per 100 shares."}
{"735": "\n\nCurrency exchange is a standard practice in international wire transfers and should not affect the processing time. However, the length of time it takes to process the transfer depends on the number of banks involved and their speed. Generally, transfers between Europe and the US take one to two business days, while transfers from other countries may take longer due to the involvement of additional banks.\n\nIf the transfer takes longer than five business days, you should consider external factors that may be causing a delay. For example, if the transfer was initiated in person, there may have been a delay in entering the information into the system. If the transfer was initiated online, it should be in the system right away. On the receiver's end, there may be a delay in checking the transfer if they are waiting for an account statement.\n\nAdditionally, it's essential to ensure that all the information entered is correct, including names, numbers, and codes. Even a small error in spelling a name could cause the receiving bank to reject the transfer. If you encounter any issues, contact the sender's bank, who should be able to trace the transfer and resolve any problems.\n\nIn summary, while some delays are normal, transfers should not take longer than five business days. It's crucial to check for any external factors that may be causing a delay and to ensure that all information entered is correct. If there are any issues, contact the sender's bank for assistance in resolving them."}
{"736": "\n\nRevised: If the underlying reaches 103 at expiration, both the call and put options will expire without any value. However, if the stock closes at 103 on expiration, the 105 put will have a value of $2, making it not worthless."}
{"737": "\n\nTo effectively track dividends, gains, and losses, you must set up an account that holds separate securities. Trading accounts can help with this if you have Finance:Quote set up to pull security prices from the internet. Actively-managed accounts can simply be created without filling them with separate securities, and their changes can be recorded monthly or yearly as preferred. Chart of accounts should include assets and income. Actively-managed accounts should be set up as Type \u201cStock,\u201d and a fake security created for each account to display unrealized gains and losses in trading accounts. Fake securities will not pull prices from the internet. For self-managed accounts, follow general GnuCash guides for recording dividends and sales with securities set to get quotes online. For actively traded accounts, summary transactions can be entered monthly to tie the cost basis changes. Each fake \u201cshare\u201d should be equal to $1, with transactions recorded accordingly. Once the period-end summary entries are made, ensure share balances match the cost basis amounts on statements. Then, enter a new price in the price editor for each actively-managed account as of the period-end date. Lastly, when running reports, select \u201cNearest in Time\u201d as the price source to ensure accuracy. This should properly track activity in summary in GnuCash income accounts and work well with the Trading Accounts feature."}
{"738": "\n\nI utilize a spreadsheet to calculate various financial aspects related to real estate. These include the assessed value of the property, value of the land, costs associated with closing and repairs, mortgage rate and length, tax bracket, city tax rate, insurance expenses, and rental income. The spreadsheet generates different tables based on these inputs, such as the monthly cash flow, which details the earnings and costs per month. Additionally, the table showcases the monthly change in taxable income, which would be multiplied by 12 when filing a 1040 tax form. Another table reveals the monthly cash flow, disregarding maintenance costs and assuming that quarterly payments or paycheck exemptions are adjusted accordingly to even out the expenses. Due to the unpredictable nature of maintenance expenses, I do not include them in calculations. Finally, the last table shows paper equity gains, which are not tangible. I have been asked about the computation of some intermediate values, and they are derived from user inputs that are tailored for every property."}
{"739": "\n\nRevised: It is important to consider your personal opportunity cost before solely focusing on the tax benefits. While the potential tax savings of $3,700 (for singles) or $7,000 (for married couples) may be enticing, is it worth foregoing income? Even if your current savings allow for a year without income, it is important to consider how this decision may impact your future earning potential. Additionally, it is important to have a strong network of contacts who can support you in re-entering the workforce without being undervalued."}
{"740": "\n\nRemember that IV represents the volatility that would match the current price of a specific option contract, based on the Black-Scholes-Merton model. Yahoo's finance service provides the IV for all of the options it follows for free."}
{"741": "\n\nHello, I am a natural-born US citizen with over 35 years of work experience in the United States. I have invested in a 401(k), an IRA, and I am entitled to receive Social Security benefits as well. I have spent several years exploring the possibility of becoming an ex-patriot, consulting with both accountants and tax attorneys. However, unfortunately, the reality is that unless you become a citizen of your new country of residence, you cannot avoid the taxes on these assets.\n\nNo matter what you do, these assets will remain taxable worldwide to US citizens. They are all classified as \"pretax\" assets in the eyes of the US government, which means they will always be taxed upon distribution, whether you withdraw the funds slowly or take them all at once. In sum, to borrow from \"Hotel California\", \"Relax,\" said the watchman, \"we are programmed to receive. You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave...\" \n\nTherefore, the best advice I can offer is to hire tax consultants or attorneys who can help you to shelter and protect your assets as best as possible. But there is no silver bullet, unfortunately."}
{"742": "\n\nThere are different schools of thought regarding the tax implications of selling a put option on a stock that has been recently disposed. While some interpret that a put option is not \"substantially identical\" to the disposed stock and therefore does not trigger a wash sale, exercising the put option automatically purchases the security, which is identical. It is unclear whether the IRS or brokerage firms recognize the same security when it falls out of an option. However, technically, they could enforce it because the rule is based on 30 days and a \"substantially identical\" stock or security. In this interpretation, it would be wise to choose a strike price out of the money to avoid exercise and to sell an out of the money put to avoid the wash sale trigger. \n\nOn the other hand, a more unfavorable opinion holds that a \"deep in the money\" option immediately triggers a wash sale, regardless of exercise. The Treasury (IRS) may interpret an option transaction within striking distance of being exercisable as a wash sale. If the CUSIPs match, it would trigger a wash sale. Therefore, it is advisable to play it safe and acquire a contract or option to buy substantially identical stock or securities. However, selling a put is not a slam dunk and can go either way, depending on the opinion of the IRS official. It is best to seek an official predetermination or be cautious in one's tax strategy."}
{"743": "\n\nOne advantage of paying off your primary residence is that it allows for a lower-interest refinance option in the future, typically within 10-15 years when the balance is low. Conversely, refinancing a rental property can be challenging, as interest rates are often higher for investors. However, it is important to note that the ability to refinance for a more favorable rate is not guaranteed, necessitating consideration of other factors. In the case of an unexpected need for funds, the question becomes whether to sell the primary residence or rental property. For many, selling income-generating investments may not be desirable. As an example, as a property owner, I would choose to relocate instead of selling investment properties. Therefore, paying off the primary residence may be the best choice in a situation where interest rates are already high (albeit a more difficult decision if they were lower)."}
{"744": "\n\nDisclaimer: Please note that I am not a tax professional, but rather just a random person on the Internet who enjoys reading through IRS instructions. However, I am here to help!\n\nThe IRS Publication 17 is a comprehensive guide on filing income taxes. When it comes to reporting royalties, the publication states that royalties from copyrights, patents, and oil, gas, and mineral properties are taxable as regular income. Generally, royalties are reported in Part I of Schedule E (Form 1040). If you hold an operating oil, gas, or mineral interest or are a self-employed writer, inventor or artist, you would report your income and expenses on Schedule C or Schedule C-EZ (Form 1040).\n\nBased on the information provided, it appears that you are receiving royalties from a copyright and not as a self-employed writer. Therefore, you should report the income on Schedule E, Part I. Although I haven't used this form before, I can refer to the instructions which state that you should enter the royalty property as code \u201c6\u201d on Line 1b, Part A. You only need to fill out section A since you only have one royalty property. Then, in column A, Line 4, you should enter the royalties you have received. This is the amount listed on your 1099-MISC.\n\nExpenses deductions may not be applicable in your case, but if you incurred any expenses relating to the production of the income, it would be worth looking into further. On Line 21, you would subtract any applicable expenses (or enter \"0\" if you do not have any expenses to report) and enter the total. Lines 23 and 24 are for accumulating more totals, which in your case should be quite simple as you only have one property. Finally, enter the total again on Line 26, which instructs you to enter it on the main Form 1040, Line 17, and it will be included in your income.\n\nI hope this helps! Please remember that this is just general guidance and you should always consult with a tax professional if you have any specific questions or concerns."}
{"745": "\n\n.\n\nIf I purchase 10 stocks on a Monday and sell them on a different trading day (Tuesday), would I be categorized as a day trader? No, this designation only applies if you purchase and sell an asset during the same trading session. Furthermore, this designation only lasts for a period of 5 days, after which previous transactions are disregarded. If the number of day trades conducted over this period reaches a certain threshold (usually three to five, depending on the broker), the individual is considered a pattern day trader and subjected to severe trading restrictions. However, traders with an account balance exceeding $25,000 are exempt from these limitations."}
{"746": "\n\nA convenient option would be to establish a joint savings account, although the interest rate may be somewhat low, especially for short-term investments. Alternatively, a Certificate of Deposit is an option, but keep in mind that your funds will be locked in for a considerable period."}
{"747": "\n\nMint.com is a superb personal finance software that is free to use and can help users manage their finances effectively. It offers several features such as budget planning, goal setting, and financial management that have been found to be more than adequate by many users. One of the key advantages of Mint over Microsoft Money is that it automatically imports and categorizes transactions related to your debit/credit cards, albeit with some margin of error. Additionally, Mint can handle multiple types of accounts such as bank accounts, credit cards, loans, and assets like cars and houses. However, there are a few downsides to using Mint, including:"}
{"748": "\n\nIf your income exceeds the current threshold of $60,000, it is mandatory to register for GST. This actually works in your favor, as your home office expenses will mostly be GST-inclusive while your income will be zero-rated. We recommend that you consult an accountant or directly with the IRD to ensure compliance. Ensure that you set aside sufficient funds from each payment to cover income tax, GST, and ACC to avoid receiving a considerable bill during your second year of operation."}
{"749": "\n\nRevised: Buffet's investment strategy sets him apart from other value investors. He focuses on stable companies with solid management and no debt. In addition, he conducts a thorough analysis of the industries in which potential companies operate, avoiding those in commodity businesses or selling commodities undervalued by 25% or more. Key to his strategy is a deep understanding of the market, exemplified by his acquisition of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad last year. Buffet recognized the benefits of rail transportation, particularly in regions where natural monopolies exist and higher oil prices make transportation more economical than trucks. He made the purchase as oil and gas production in North Dakota began to increase, as the limited pipeline capacity between North Dakota and refineries in Texas/Oklahoma created an opportunity for the railroad to transport crude, resulting in significant profits."}
{"750": "\n\nCarefully examine the DATE OF SERVICE on all of your invoices to ensure accuracy. It is possible that you have already made the payment. In some cases, medical providers receive partial payment from third-party insurers and may not bother collecting the remaining small amount as it might not be cost-effective. On the other hand, they may wait until your next office visit to bill you for the outstanding amount. Stay alert!"}
{"751": "\n\nYou can establish a corporation for conducting business operations. However, misusing the funds for personal purposes could lead to piercing of the corporate veil by the judiciary, and making you hold accountable at a personal level. Furthermore, establishing a corporation entirely for personal ends constitutes fraudulent activity."}
{"752": "\n\nThere are two primary markets for ADRs and ordinary shares: the American market and the local market. While this is not the case for most stocks in developed markets, it is often true in developing countries that the American market for ADRs is more liquid than the local market for ordinary shares. For example, at one time, Telmex's ADRs were the fifth most traded stock in the world, with easy and low-fee trading on the NYSE. In contrast, buying local shares on the Mexican exchange was slower and more challenging, with accompanying currency transactions being harder to execute due to settling in local currency and paying an FX commission. ADRs, however, include the exchange rate within their price, allowing for settlement in dollars."}
{"753": "\n\nAlthough I recognize that this growth may not be sustained, I am proud to share that I have increased my wealth by 2.5 times in the last two years (specifically, during 2016 and 2017, and continuing). Through strategic decisions, I successfully transformed $70,000 into $452,000 within 21 months. However, with concerns about maintaining this amount, I plan to withdraw my profits. While I acknowledge that some luck played a role, my success was primarily due to my investment strategy. Moving forward, my strategy involves allocating $100,000 towards high-risk investments and investing $350,000 in index funds."}
{"754": "\n\nI agree with Mark. I was initially confused about short positions, but after doing some research, I discovered that as long as you have enough cash to cover your margin requirement, you won't pay any interest since there's no debit on your margin balance. However, this isn't the case with long positions. For instance, if you have $5,000 cash and a $5,000 margin balance, and you buy $10,000 worth of stocks, you'll have to pay interest on the $5,000 margin balance since it's a debit. When shorting stocks, you're on a credit basis, which means you actually earn interest from the transaction, but you may need to pay borrowing fees for the stocks, which can balance things out. I've shorted stocks twice with two different firms, and I didn't notice any interest charges either time. However, it's crucial to have enough cash to cover your margin requirement since once your margin balance is used to cover your position, interest will start to accrue. Always keep learning!"}
{"755": "\n\nThe Canadian government has implemented new mortgage qualification rules in order to regulate the overheated Canadian housing market and prevent a potential real estate bubble and future crash. The primary purpose of these rules is to ensure that potential homeowners can afford higher interest rates, which are expected to rise later this year and in the future. The stricter guidelines include qualifying for a minimum standard 5-year fixed rate mortgage, regardless of whether borrowers choose a lower or variable rate. Previously, the minimum qualification standard was a 3-year fixed rate mortgage. Refinanced mortgages are now limited to 90% of the home's value, down from 95%. Additionally, those seeking to buy an investment property will require a 20% downpayment instead of 5%. These changes take effect on April 19th, 2010, but exceptions may be made for agreements made prior to this date. Detailed information can be found on the Department of Finance of Canada's website or through reputable news media sources."}
{"756": "\n\nTo be eligible, you must file for 83(b) within 30 days of your initial stock grant. Unfortunately, filing after 10 months is past the deadline. We apologize for any inconvenience."}
{"757": "\n\nThe Stop order is activated once the market reaches the price point that you have set, meaning that it is not recorded before then. Currently, your comprehension is flawed as you have not consulted the correct definition for this term."}
{"758": "\n\nOne feasible option is to aim for having no credit, which should not be confused with having bad credit. By making a substantial downpayment of 20%, several banks may be willing to consider manual underwriting for your loan application."}
{"759": "\n\nGreat job on improving your financial tracking skills! Typically, you would have a set of accounts categorized as \"Income\", and within that category, you would create separate accounts for each type of income you receive (such as stock dividends, paychecks, home appreciation, and so on). When recording your income, you would transfer the amount received from your Paycheck account to your Checking account. Keep in mind that since there are no offsetting transactions, the balance in your income account will steadily increase over time. However, this number is merely the sum of all your paychecks, and you can overlook it for now. While there are strategies for dealing with this balance (such as making the income account have a zero balance), you do not need to concern yourself with this at this stage. Congratulations on mastering proper expense tracking - that's a significant achievement!"}
{"760": "\n\nHere's a possible revision:\n\nWhere I live, when you purchase a house, the seller may request payment in \"black\" money in order to pay fewer taxes. However, it's not wise for the buyer to comply, as the resulting tax deductions are lower. If the buyer eventually wishes to sell the house, they must declare the difference, meaning that a higher purchase price wouldn't make a difference in the end, except for the notary minutes."}
{"761": "\n\nRevised: If the business is legally separated and not commingled, it is unlikely that creditors can claim ownership of it. However, they may place a lien on it, preventing you from selling the business, and garnish your income. If the corporate veil is pierced, which can happen if you are not careful, it is possible for creditors to treat the business as your personal asset. It is important to seek legal advice from a licensed lawyer in your state to confirm the specifics. Please note that as an AI language model, I am not a lawyer or tax professional."}
{"762": "\n\nIf the fiscal year-ends of Company X and Company Y occur in different months, this could potentially be linked to the timing of their annual report or annual dividend payment. It's important to note that companies are not required to end their fiscal year aligned with the calendar year, meaning end of year events, such as annual reports and dividend payments, could occur in any month. An annual report release can cause investors to react to the actual results of the company compared to what Wall Street analysts predicted. Additionally, payment of an annual dividend can directly affect stock prices, causing them to drop when the payment is made. As the payment date approaches, there could also be some fluctuation in prices."}
{"763": "\n\nMost states base their income taxes on the federal return, with some adjustments specific to the state. Therefore, in most cases, if it matters for the federal government, it will matter for the state. To estimate your tax liability, use the rate for your highest tax bracket and apply it to your estimated hobby income, assuming your primary job income won't dramatically increase or decrease compared to last year. Keep in mind that this income will be taxed at your top rate because it is coming on top of your other earnings. Additionally, make sure to clarify whether this is hobby or self-employment income, as self-employment income is subject to self-employment tax in addition to regular income tax."}
{"764": "\n\nRevised: It is important to note that in countries like Canada, oil may contribute a higher percentage to the GDP than in comparison to countries like the US. Thus, the recent drop in oil prices in Canada has resulted in an economic slowdown with oil companies laying off staff, canceling projects, and even potentially going bankrupt, particularly in provinces like Alberta that heavily rely on oil prices driving their economy. Conversely, the US does not have as many energy resources and may not experience the same detrimental effects. However, context is critical, and if the rate change helps everybody, it should include the oil-producing companies. It is plausible that the main reason for lowering rates was due to the significant economic downturn resulting from the drop in oil prices. Therefore, it is imperative to consider that there might be some lingering questions on why the rate cut was necessary if the only significant change considered was the lower oil prices at a macroeconomic level."}
{"765": "\n\nMany of the previous comments have correctly noted the issue of illiquidity. In situations of low liquidity, traders may encounter a large bid/ask spread when trading at odd times - such as when the markets are closed. This is because the other party in the trade cannot immediately offset the risk by going to the market, as they typically do. However, in this particular case, the jump in price is not very significant (approximately 4%), and it is worth noting that the trade price was close to the previous day's closing price. My trading system shows that 5 shares were traded at a similar price that evening. If you were to call me after market hours and tried to purchase 5 shares, I may still have to quote you a higher price due to the illiquidity factor."}
{"766": "\n\nIs this a loan for a house or a new mortgage? You should not take out a loan on a whim. Currently, interest rates are low due to the decline in the yields of US treasuries. The bank assumes the risk when approving the loan, not you. However, it's crucial to be truthful about your ability to repay, and the low-interest rate results in smaller payments."}
{"767": "\n\nSome of the responses have already mentioned currency denominations. Some currencies had a two-digit cut off, like the French franc. You can find more information on this topic at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_franc#New_franc. In old French movies, the characters often referred to the 'old franc' when discussing values, at least in the original French dialogue (it is unclear what the English translations use)."}
{"768": "\n\nThe effect of Solo 401k contributions on gross income depends on the type of corporation set up. For sole proprietors, both employee and employer contributions are deducted from gross income, without reducing it. On the other hand, S-Corps treat employer contributions as deductions from wages, not showing up in Box 1 on the W-2, thus diminishing gross income. Employee contributions are excluded from Box 1, but appear in Box 3 and 5 for payroll tax purposes. The IRS provides more detailed information on their webpage. Additionally, it's important to note that Gross Income has a unique definition for sole proprietorships, defined by the IRS in publication 501 as all income received in cash, goods, property, or services not excluded from taxes, and any income from investments and incidental or outside operations or sources. Therefore, regardless of 401(k) contributions, gross income is still determined by gross receipts, which for a contractor could be the total on their 1099(s)."}
{"769": "\n\nThe greatest risk to your credit score is your Credit Utilization rate. If your total revolving credit, such as your credit card line, amounts to $10,000 and your usage exceeds 50%, or 33% for a more conservative approach, at any time, it will adversely impact your credit score, regardless of whether you pay it off in full on the second day after charging. Credit companies typically operate on averages and have found that individuals who come close to maxing out their credit limit are often in financial trouble. A better strategy is to make small monthly purchases (below $100) and pay them off immediately. This approach will improve your credit score and contribute to a positive credit history."}
{"770": "\n\nRewritten: These stocks currently hold no intrinsic value and simply await the completion of necessary paperwork before they dissolve. The other players in the market are computer programs that hope to sell to an unsuspecting investor. There may be a slightly greater possibility of success with a new penny stock that has not yet been targeted by these bots, although it may require automation to sell quickly enough. In essence, the experience is not much different from purchasing conventional stocks."}
{"771": "\n\nI could not locate specific information on this year's Form 1099-DIV but did find a quote regarding Form 1099-B for the next tax season. According to the quote, the due date for submitting statements to recipients for Forms 1099-B, 1099-S, and 1099-MISC (if box 8 or 14 amounts are reported) is February 15, 2018. It's important to note that many brokerages bundle the 1099-DIV with the 1099-B, so we can presume that the deadlines are the same. The February 15 deadline aligns with the information I received from my brokerages that the forms would be sent by mid-February."}
{"772": "\n\nIf you reside in the US, it is mandatory to file taxes for all types of income earned. The amount of tax you owe will depend on your taxable income for the year. Occasionally, small transactions don't get reported to the IRS and, as a result, some individuals may choose not to file or pay taxes. However, if the payment threshold exceeds $600, the payer must report it to the IRS via a 1099 form. Patreon views each donation as an individual transaction and only files a 1099 form if the donation amount exceeds $20,000 in a calendar year. If the payment isn't reported, the IRS may only find out through an audit or investigation, but it is still your legal responsibility to report all income earned. Please note that the payer, not the recipient, files a 1099 form.  To register your Patreon income, you can use Schedule C or combine it with the amount on 1040 line 21 (\"other income\"), depending on whether you consider it a business or a hobby. If it's a business and you're earning significant sums, you may want to consider submitting quarterly payments using a 1040-ES form to avoid insufficient withholding penalties."}
{"773": "\n\nI suggest utilizing the internet to search for websites that compare different account options, along with forums dedicated to discussing personal finance. These forums can provide valuable insights, as members with similar bank accounts can share their experiences. Please note that requesting specific service provider recommendations is not permitted here, but there are numerous blogs and forums that specialize in this topic."}
{"774": "\n\nGoogle Portfolio is an effective tool that can help you manage your investments. By visiting https://www.google.com/finance/portfolio, you are able to enter transaction data, access financial information and take advantage of numerous other features."}
{"775": "\n\nThe term \"Alpha\" refers to the market mispricing you are seeking. Specifically, Alpha is the difference between a stock's price and its market return and beta. According to modern portfolio theory, a portfolio with good Alpha will generate the highest profits for a given level of risk tolerance. However, the efficient market hypothesis (EMH) suggests that Alpha is always zero, which is incorrect since it assumes that taxes, human effort, and information propagation delays do not exist. For the best answer to your question, refer to Ben Graham's book \"The Intelligent Investor\" (starting on page 280), which Warren Buffet also recommends in his Berkshire Hathaway Letters to Shareholders. To summarize, closely monitor the company to estimate its true earnings potential and ignore the market's quoted prices. Additionally, use the following formula to calculate value: NPV = sum(each income piece/(1+cost of capital)^time). For further insight, see http://finance.fortune.cnn.com/2014/02/24/warren-buffett-berkshire-letter/ where Warren Buffett himself outlines these ideas."}
{"776": "\n\nIf you are a Resident Indian, you should be aware of the Indian Income Tax regulations. Section 208 states that anyone whose estimated tax liability for the year is over Rs. 10,000 must pay their tax in advance through \"advance tax\". This means that taxpayers with an estimated tax liability over this amount must pay their tax in advance by the designated due dates. However, Section 207 exempts resident senior citizens (individuals aged 60 years or older) who do not have any income from business or profession from paying advance tax. To clarify, individuals meeting these conditions are not required to pay advance tax and only need to pay self-assessment tax without interest. For more information, please refer to the Income Tax website's full guidelines."}
{"777": "\n\nTo properly track different companies using QuickBooks, you must create a separate \"company file\" for each one. Based on your question, you will need to create files for at least the PM and the PH. If some companies only hold property and pay for utilities, it might be easier to use a spreadsheet to track their finances. Subsidiary companies will likely appear as \"assets\" on the parent company's books. While this structure can limit liability, it comes with a lot of overhead that may incur expenses. Consider if the benefits of liability limitations outweigh the costs, such as when filing taxes for this network of companies or getting separate insurance policies for each one versus a single policy covering multiple properties. Plan ahead to avoid potential issues."}
{"778": "\n\nWhen it comes to your 401(k), it's important to note that before considering a hardship withdrawal, you must exhaust all available options for taking out a 401(k) loan. This is a mandatory regulation. The limit for 401(k) loans is determined by the lesser of $50,000, 50% of your vested balance, or $50,000 minus the highest loan balance taken out in the past year. The good news is that a 401(k) loan is not subject to taxes and can be repaid over a period of 5 years with low interest rates (typically around 4.25%). However, if you leave your job, any outstanding loan balance must be repaid or it will be considered taxable income subject to a 10% penalty. It may be wise to consider using a 401(k) loan to pay off credit card debt. While you should aim to repay aggressively, if you do leave your job, the 10% penalty will likely be less damaging than carrying a debt of roughly $25,000 accruing annual interest of around 25%."}
{"779": "\n\nTo earn a higher interest rate, you must use your debit card. The bank can offer a higher interest rate on accounts linked with a debit card because they earn additional income through debit card fees charged to account holders and other means. By encouraging people to use their debit cards, the bank assumes that they will maintain a higher balance in their joint checking/savings account, resulting in more money that the bank can loan out or invest, and hence higher profits. Moreover, businesses pay fees to the bank to accept debit cards, which represent another source of income for the bank. Therefore, the bank incentivizes the use of debit cards by offering a higher interest rate or waiving fees on the account. Additionally, higher account balances linked to debit cards may result in fee waivers on the consumer side."}
{"780": "\n\nUnless there is a treaty between your country and the US stating otherwise, any income earned within the US will be subject to US income tax."}
{"781": "\n\nCan you afford to replace it? This question asks whether you have the financial resources to replace a damaged or lost item. Even if insurance premiums seem costly, having coverage helps share the potential financial risk. Note: This example is not specifically about the Applecare program. Whether it is worth the cost depends on individual needs and circumstances. Personally, I own a Macbook without Applecare, and I have insurance for accidental damage on my costly smartphone, but not for theft. However, I choose to cancel the insurance after one year since I do not have substantial funds in my bank account."}
{"782": "A share of stock typically entitles the owner to all future per-share dividends paid by the company and a fraction of the company's net asset value in case of liquidation. The value of a stock should equal the present cash value of its payout stream if one knew the time and value of all payouts. Usually, people lack clairvoyance to know future payouts, and thus, they estimate the present cash value of future payments to assign a reasonable price for a stock. In a sane marketplace, if the price of a stock is below the estimated current cash value of its payouts, people should buy and push the price up. Conversely, if it is above, people should sell and push the price down. A red flag for a sane marketplace is a rising price, which some bulls may view as the signal to charge ahead. However, buyers should remember that the value of a stock remains the present cash value of future payouts, and they should focus on what the stock will pay out in relation to what they put in. The present price-to-earnings ratio may not always determine a stock's worth as some stocks may pay handsomely next year but not today. Therefore, investors should aim to buy stocks with a reasonable likelihood of paying dividends that justify their cost in the foreseeable future."}
{"783": "\n\nRevised: When you sell an asset, you are not earning income. Instead, you are transferring the value of that asset (in this case, a laptop) to your bank account, which increases the value of that asset while reducing the equity you hold in your \"value of all my electronics\" category. If you did not previously include the laptop in this category, then you do not need to create a double-entry against it. However, it may be tempting to consider this transfer as income, especially if you are using double-entry bookkeeping for personal finances. Depending on your goals, you could create a separate category for balancing purposes, but be aware that the negative value of that category may not be significant."}
{"784": "\n\nObtaining data on delisted securities, surviving entities in merger scenarios, company name changes, symbol changes, listing venue changes, and all capital events such as splits is a lengthy and thorough process, and therefore, this data is typically only available from paid sources. Delisted stocks from major exchanges due to financial difficulties can still be traded publicly, referred to as \"OTC\" shares. Some large companies have even traded as OTC in the past, such as NYSE:NAV (Navistar) from Feb 2007 to July 2008, due to accounting statement inaccuracies and auditor difficulties. Macromedia, on the other hand, traded on NASDAQ from 13 Dec 1993 until its final day of trading on 2 Dec 2005, having had one stock split (2:1) on 16 Oct 1995 with no dividends ever paid. Some companies can be more challenging to trace, such as the case with bankrupt General Motors (formerly NYSE:GM), which became Motoros Liquidation Corp (OTC:MTLQQ) and traded as such for almost 21 months before being delisted. In mergers, there are typically two entities involved, one surviving and one (or more) that is delisted. In demergers/spinoffs, there can be two entities involved, one that continues the capital structure of the original company and another newly formed spun-off entity. Mere use of company names is not a reliable indication of the company's full history. For example, in 1984, AT&T was forced to spinoff multiple companies due to monopoly considerations, effectively becoming 75% smaller. One of these spinoffs was Southwestern Bell Corporation, which became SBC Communications in 1995. In 2005, SBC took over its former parent company and immediately changed its name to AT&T. As a result, we now have two AT&Ts: one that was delisted in 2005 and another that exists to this day. Disclosure: I am a co-owner of Norgate Data (Premium Data), a data vendor in this area."}
{"785": "\n\nI use two reputable brokerages to diversify my investments after becoming wary during the financial crisis. My decision was influenced more by the likelihood of another Lehman Brothers-style meltdown than by the SIPC limitations. By dividing my resources between both brokerages, I believed I could minimize the aggravation of waiting and filing(SIPC), should either one fail. Looking back now, I may have been overly anxious, but managing two brokerage accounts isn't particularly inconvenient. Plus, there's an interesting difference in their web interfaces, and some tasks on one may be easier to execute than on the other. While there may not be much of an advantage, aside from my excessive caution, in splitting my investment between two brokerages, it still provides a sense of security."}
{"786": "\n\nBefore investing, start by placing your money in CDs or other short-term accounts. Focus on finishing school and then assess your options. If you have sufficient income, consider setting up a Roth IRA, but ensure that you don't require the funds for immediate use. Post-graduation, be aware that you may need these funds to support yourself if you don't land a job right away. Consider the duration of time that you can survive without work with the money you've saved. Should you find a good job, be aware that moving and establishing a new residence incurs additional expenses. Once you're settled, seek guidance from the numerous \"getting started\" Q&As available on this website."}
{"787": "\n\nNo, an OCI card is not necessary to maintain NRE or NRO accounts. As a Person of Indian Origin (PIO), you are entitled to use these accounts without the need for a PIO card. However, it is important to inform the banks holding your accounts of your change in citizenship, as they may require you to go through their KYC process again. If you choose not to obtain an OCI card, you will need an Indian visa in your US passport to travel to India. Additionally, you must surrender your Indian passport to the nearest Indian Consulate for cancellation, and keep the surrender certificate and cancelled passport in a safe deposit box to pass on to future generations seeking Indian visas. \n\nIf you do obtain an OCI card, you will need to have it stamped into your US passport and renew the stamp with each new passport. It is essential to have the OCI stamp in your passport when entering India. If you move within the US, you will need to obtain a new OCI card, as your residential address is listed on the card. \n\nAll of these processes involve fees and require several weeks for paperwork to be processed by the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi. During this time, your passport may not be available for travel to other countries."}
{"788": "\n\nIt seems that you have bought into the Communist myth. As explained by Milton Friedman, every transaction occurs only when both parties involved benefit. Consider this scenario: while on a walk, you feel hungry and find two quarters in your pocket. You enter a convenience store and purchase a Twinky for 40 cents. After enjoying the snack, you are left with a dime in your pocket. You value the Twinky at 50 cents, the price you were willing to pay. This means that you made a 10 cent profit. Meanwhile, the shopkeeper sold their merchandise for 40 cents, while it only cost them 25 cents to obtain the Twinky, making a 15 cent profit. You both gained what you valued more. This is why Capitalism works: value is subjective, and no transaction occurs unless both parties benefit. Please explain with a comment if you give me a negative vote."}
{"789": "\n\nWhenever someone asks me about platform fees, I always refer them to the Monevator table. Despite its initial complexity, this table is an invaluable resource for narrowing down your search. In addition to a couple of informative paragraphs that follow the table, the page is primarily aimed at index fund investors, but it still contains relevant information about share-dealing fees contained right in the table. The table even includes special notes about discounts for frequent traders and similar offers, indicating a lack of passive-investor elitism."}
{"790": "\n\nSetting aside the technical jargon, it appears that your mutual fund gains for this year may be subpar. Fortunately, you can quickly clarify your concerns by speaking with your broker. You have the right to request information on your fund's performance, including a breakdown of the specific stocks and bonds comprising it. Also, discuss the type of fund you have invested in. If your projected retirement date is far away, you may want to consider a more aggressive fund. Moreover, inquire about the historical average of the fund and the fees associated with it. Your broker should be able to provide you with accurate and reasonable answers. While short-term performance fluctuations may occur, it is important to focus on the average long-term expectation for your fund. Overall, the best course of action is to talk to your broker and seek clarity on your investment."}
{"791": "\n\nThere are no legal restrictions on opening an account if you reside in the UK. Simply follow the process that any other UK resident would normally do."}
{"792": "\n\nTypically, you can find contact information for the machine owner printed somewhere on it. Give that number a call. If the machine is located in a business, you can also try contacting the clerk. Ultimately, whether or not you'll receive a refund is at the discretion of the owner."}
{"793": "\n\nThe ASX has set a policy stating that a minimum of $500 must be invested to directly purchase exchange traded shares. If a broker offers a different policy, they would not be compliant with this regulation. It's important to note that this policy only applies to the initial purchase. As stated in the CMC FAQs, if you do not currently hold a particular security, the ASX requires a minimum purchase of $500. After acquiring $500 worth of an individual security, there are no restrictions on the amount of shares that can be purchased."}
{"794": "\n\nBefore your strategy's money-losing position is stopped out, you will have no profit or loss. Meanwhile, a straddle trade may have lost time value but could potentially gain from price movements, leaving unrealized profit that your strategy cannot capture. It's important to note that stop-loss orders cannot guarantee a specific price."}
{"795": "\n\nRevised: \n\nIf you earn $120,000 annually, you can secure approval for a mortgage payment of up to $2,800 each month. However, it's important to note that you could save a significant amount on this payment by avoiding PMI. To do this, you should aim for a 20% down payment on your next home purchase, which translates to $100,000 for a $500,000 property. If you've only managed to save up $75,000, you have two options: wait until you've saved another $25,000 or refinance your existing property for $95,000 plus an additional $25,000 to reach the required amount. If you choose the latter, you'll end up paying around $575 per month on your current property, assuming a 30-year term at 4% interest. Additionally, if you decide to finance $400,000 for your new property, you can expect monthly payments of approximately $1,900, excluding property tax and home insurance escrow payments. Before committing, it's essential to consider the possibility of not having renters and how this could affect your finances. You should also have an emergency fund that covers six months' worth of expenses, including mortgage payments for the new property. Ultimately, the decision to purchase a new home depends on your personal financial goals and risk tolerance. While rental income may help you pay off the refinanced amount, it's better not to rely on it and instead ensure that your finances can withstand any unforeseen circumstances. If you're more conservative in your approach to finances, waiting until you've saved $100,000 outright may be the best decision for you."}
{"796": "\n\nNegotiation is key when it comes to pricing for services (although this can be trickier when dealing with physical goods). Always try to haggle and compare prices from different vendors. Test this by approaching various vendors without disclosing that you need the service for a wedding, and see if there is a difference in price. If a vendor raises the price once you've revealed that it's for a wedding, and you can't justify this with a valid reason, move on to another vendor. Keep in mind that vendors tend to inflate prices for weddings, as they know that people tend to feel sentimental about their special day. Diamonds are another product that are overpriced due to the perceived value rather than actual supply and demand. However, be aware that wedding services may come with a higher price tag because they are more intricate and require more attention to detail than other events. Regardless, the most important thing is to ensure your contracts are transparent and don't include any hidden fees. For example, some couples have been surprised by a mandatory 20% gratuity added by their caterer, regardless of the quality of service. While it\u2019s unlikely for venues to mark up drinks, they may add on other costs. If you're looking to save money, consider purchasing used items or searching for wholesale prices on platforms such as eBay. An analogy to this would be the high cost of healthcare due to it being a specialty market, which makes it harder to navigate for consumers."}
{"797": "\n\nThe All Ordinaries Index comprises the top 500 companies ranked by market capitalisation that are listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Each stock that features in the All Ords. Index is assigned a weight determined by its market capitalisation. With fluctuations in the prices of the stocks listed in the All Ords. Index, there will be corresponding changes to the index points. Larger capitalised stocks will have a more pronounced impact on the Index due to their higher weighting. For instance, if a stock has a weight of 10% and experiences a 10% price increase while others remain unchanged, the All Ords Index will rise by 1% (10% of 10%)."}
{"798": "\n\nRevised: Generally, you don't need a license to trade in most goods except for restricted items. When making remittances, it is necessary to route them through a bank and comply with FMEA regulations. You can seek guidance from your bank or a qualified CA."}
{"799": "\n\nWhile MrChrister raises some valid points, I would like to offer a counter-opinion. Firstly, there is a normal annual deposit limit of $13,000 per parent or donee, which will increase to $14,000 in 2013. This is the gift limit, and unless you anticipate exceeding it, one account may suffice unless both children are in school at the same time, in which case beneficiaries will need to be changed yearly. However, if you plan on depositing gift money, a legal issue arises. The typical 529 allows changes in the beneficiary and, as such, gifts must be held in an irrevocable account for that specific child, such as a UTMA account. A 529 variation known as the UTMA 529 holds no provisions for beneficiary changes; therefore, separate accounts are necessary. In conclusion, a single account causes more issues than it solves. If the amount of gift money is minimal, I recommend keeping it in a regular account. Furthermore, I suggest creating a separate account for relatives' gifts to prevent the risk of theft from one child for the benefit of another. When children are old enough to have earned income, use this money to open and deposit into Roth IRAs, which can help them in the long run without impacting college aid, as a simple savings or brokerage account might."}
{"800": "\n\nIs it a wise decision to keep your savings in a foreign currency? The answer depends on the country you live in, but in the case of the UK or any other developed economy, my advice would be against it. There are more effective methods to protect against currency risk, such as utilizing the funds readily accessible to you via your ISA. You can keep your savings secure and easily accessible without having to pay a currency exchange fee."}
{"801": "\n\nMint.com provides an excellent service, especially considering it is free, although it mainly focuses on personal finance. The platform analyzes all your transactions and attempts to categorize them, while also offering the flexibility to create your categories and filters. For instance, within the first three months of using it, Mint.com detected all my \"coffee house\" expenses and informed me that I was spending three times more than I had anticipated- $90 instead of $30. Although Mint.com isn't an accounting firm, it does a commendable job, and most accounting firms develop their own home-brewed systems."}
{"802": "\n\nWhen I first started working in finance, I received a valuable piece of advice on determining a fair market price: \"Assume that you will always receive the least favorable price for the trade - this means you should expect to pay the higher ask price when buying and receive the lower bid price when selling.\" In other words, when participating in the market, it's important to always try to buy at the lowest possible price and sell at the highest possible price. This is because any discrepancies in pricing create an arbitrage opportunity, and such opportunities typically only exist in the market for a brief period of time."}
{"803": "\n\nIn the US public stock markets, there are no restrictions on the actions that individual retail traders can take compared with institutional/corporate traders. However, the difference lies in the cost of those actions. For instance, Registered Market Makers on the BATS stock exchange enjoy enticing rebates and reduced transaction prices, but they have to maintain constant orders in the book for hundreds of equities at significant volumes. Although individual retail traders are permitted to do this, it might be too expensive. Automated trading and algorithmic trading are not the same, and both can range from low- to high-frequency. From a legal or regulatory perspective, there are no unique procedures that an individual retail trader has to follow before automating their trading strategy. Nevertheless, their broker may impose various requirements to use their automation platform. Finally, bid-ask scalping is not recommended for individual retail traders as they are unlikely to succeed against the competition. Successful bidding requires being at the front of the queue continually when the price changes in your favor, and canceling your resting orders when the price changes against you. Unless you have smarter algorithms than those of your competitors, it is challenging to react fast enough. Therefore, achieving direct market access implies forgoing the broker, effectively rendering you no longer a retail trader."}
{"804": "\n\nThe total limit book combines all orders from different exchanges. Although it is uncommon, a limit order may fill outside of the National Best Bid and Offer (NBBO) if, for instance, the smart order routing algorithm selects another exchange that offers a lower cost. High-Frequency Traders (HFTs) can quickly arbitrate the order between the two exchanges, or the best order from exchange X may disappear, resulting in the order filling above the NBBO. Although the system is not perfect due to multiple exchanges, this occurrence is rare for equities as most exchanges have orders posted at the NBBO, given they are highly competitive, with nearly identical fee and rebate schedules. However, it is more prevalent with options because a lower percentage of exchanges will have orders posted at the NBBO due to their wider fee and rebate schedules. To learn about how exchanges handle crossing limit orders, kindly refer to \"How do exchanges match limit orders?\""}
{"805": "\n\nAs an experienced landlord who has managed ten properties for the past 14 years, I have some valuable tips to share. Firstly, it is crucial to have the skills and knowledge required to carry out maintenance tasks as this is your most significant expense. You will be surprised at the amount of maintenance rental units require. Secondly, avoid investing in real estate within areas that favor tenants in disputes such as New York City. Instead, consider states like Florida where evictions can be conducted quickly.\n\nThirdly, require a minimum credit score of 620 for all tenants over the age of 21 to filter out undesirable tenants. Ensure that they have a job nearby that pays at least three times the annual rent every renewal period. Adjust your tenant's rent to be around 5% below the market rate to discourage them from moving to cheaper options but still ensuring profitability.\n\nFourthly, it is wise not to rent to single individuals younger than 30 as they may be more irresponsible and unreliable. However, while this cannot be officially stated, provide other legitimate reasons for rejecting their rental application, such as bad credit or selecting another tenant.\n\nFifthly, introduce a 5% late fee when rent is ten days overdue and prepare to file for eviction when it's 20 days late to indicate your seriousness. When financing your real estate, avoid adjustable rate or balloon loans, only opting for a fixed 30-year rate. This allows for flexibility in payments while ensuring consistent profitability.\n\nSixthly, outsourcing the selection of tenants to a realtor can save time and money. They have a more extensive network to market properties, thus getting a place rented sooner, thus saving expenditure on empty units. Also, ensure that their lease agreement does not mandate continued payments beyond the initial year.\n\nLastly, when investing in multiple properties, it is best to purchase ones within the same community. This facilitates the use of the same lease agreement, vendor list, and paperwork, making management much more efficient. While this contravenes the saying,\" don't put all your eggs in one basket,\" it streamlines day-to-day operations and minimizes expenses."}
{"806": "\n\nWhile Yahoo Finance may be suitable for personal use, there are several reasons why paying for data services may be a better option. For instance, Yahoo throttles users who attempt to download extensive data within a short period. Although the Yahoo Query Language (YQL) provides another interface for accessing financial data while enjoying higher rate limits, users might still face limitations. A paid data provider, on the other hand, would likely offer higher thresholds through their API, which is essentially a contract between the provider and user. Additionally, Yahoo Finance is not the most reliable source of financial data, and for research or commercial purposes, data providers such as eSignal, Bloomberg, and Reuters are more popular. Moreover, although Yahoo's current CSV output and YQL resemble standard formats, they are subject to changes that could break many commercial applications that rely on them. However, commercial APIs typically offer technical support to users. Furthermore, Yahoo Finance's licensing terms restrict using their data in commercial apps without using their \"badges\" and obtaining prior written permission from the company. Therefore, using paid data providers becomes a no-brainer, especially for users who require more diverse and accurate data, such as tick-by-tick data for equities, futures, mergers, and derivatives. Lastly, Yahoo's financial statements are known to be inaccurate, partly because data is manually entered. For guaranteed accurate data or supported contracts, users would need to pay for these services."}
{"807": "\n\nIn Canada, individuals who have no taxable income are not obligated to file a tax return. However, Canada Revenue Agency may request that you file a return if you haven't done so. It is worth noting that many Canadian residents do not file tax returns. Regardless, the Minister overseeing CRA has the authority to assess taxes on any resident irrespective of their tax filing status. Failing to file a return on time or not filing altogether can result in penalties, which are calculated based on a percentage of the taxes owed. If you do not owe any taxes, then these penalties are irrelevant."}
{"808": "\n\nPossible revision: While there is a chance that your credit score could be slightly impacted, it's mainly when your credit utilization exceeds 20%. As I discussed in an article on my site, having no credit card activity at all may hurt your score as well. Nevertheless, the potential negative consequence is not significant, and it's nothing to worry about too much. Thank you for your support."}
{"809": "\n\nTo ensure accuracy, it's important to review the loan terms. If interest compounds weekly, you must consider three compounding periods, and then calculate weekly payments accordingly. Assuming three weeks have passed, the current balance is [insert balance]. Inputting this balance into Excel's PMT function, the weekly payment is $189.48. However, if interest doesn't compound, the principal balance would be approximately $8888.37, with a weekly payment of $189.85. It's crucial to note that loan terms can be tailored, so you should ensure that the payment and amortization schedule align with your financial goals before agreeing to the loan. Given the high interest rate, this may be a \"no credit needed\" car loan, notorious for unfavorable borrower terms."}
{"810": "\n\nDetermining whether income from online training is taxable in the US or India is a complex matter dependent on the US-India Tax Treaty. Specifically, Article 15 on Personal Services is of relevance in this case. Your business model will dictate if your online training qualifies as personal services. If your online training is categorized as personal services offered by an Indian resident, it is likely that the income is considered foreign source income under the treaty. However, if your US LLC was subjected to US taxpayer regulations, the LLC would be required to pay US tax on any worldwide income. This could disqualify the LLC from being eligible under Article 15 which applies to individuals and firms of individuals, but not companies. If the LLC is disregarded, the individual owner may be exempt from US tax under the treaty. It is important to note that you may still have an obligation to report nonemployee compensation on Forms 1099 for your workers even if you are exempt from US tax under the tax treaty. If you have failed to file such forms, you may be able to file them late with potential tax consequences for your worker if they have not reported the income in previous years."}
{"811": "\n\nI had a student loan too and it's great to see that you are taking a closer look at the interest rates since it can make a huge difference. One approach that worked for me was to take advantage of a good 0% credit card as my credit improved after leaving school. I applied for a Discover card and was given a decent credit limit. When considering a credit card in this situation, there are two main factors to look for. Firstly, note that the initial $0 transaction charge typically only lasts for a few months, so make sure you take full advantage of this. The benefit of this is that you can pay off your higher interest debt using the 0% offer, which helps you save on interest payments and reduce stress. However, it's important to be aware that you will need to pay off the full amount you owe through the 0% credit card before the offer expires, which could be in a year or 15 months or so. It's crucial to track when the 0% offer will expire, as this is not typically included in the statement and you may need to contact customer service to find out. I personally paid off my balance quickly in a similar situation and I'm sure you'll be able to do the same."}
{"812": "\n\nIf you are a homeowner with a mortgage, it may be advantageous to consider a mortgage-backed overdraft, such as ANZ's Flexi loan. I personally am in a comparable situation, as I have been working as a consultant since 2010 and make bi-annual GST and provisional tax payments. By utilizing a mortgage-backed overdraft, I am able to allocate my budget effectively, such that the balance on the loan is zero prior to my significant tax payments in May and October. However, it should be noted that obtaining a mortgage-backed overdraft as a sole trader may be challenging with certain banks. Working with a mortgage broker may be a beneficial resource to overcome this limitation."}
{"813": "\n\nLinda Durand, a certified public accountant with Drolet & Associates PLLC in Washington, D.C., suggests that using the annualized method means you can assess each quarter separately and pay the tax in the quarter it was earned. This information comes from the Bankrate article \"Paying Quarterly Estimated Taxes\". Furthermore, even after paying annualized quarterly estimates, you can owe up to $1000 at tax time without facing a penalty."}
{"814": "\n\nWhen \"long\" rates are low compared to \"short\" rates, banks tend to make less profit. Banks typically lend money for long-term purposes such as business loans over five years, or mortgages over 30 years. However, they obtain most of their funds from \"short-term\" deposits which can be emptied in a matter of days. Banks profit from the difference between the rates charged on long-term loans and those on short-term loans. In other words, it is the difference between these rates, rather than their individual levels, that determine a bank's profitability. For instance, a bank that pays 1% on certificates of deposit, but lends at 3%, will make money. Banks face the risk of losing profits when short-term rates rise while they still have 30-year loans taken out when rates were lower. For example, when short-term rates began to rise in the 1970s, banks were left with 30-year loans taken out from the earlier part of the decade, at a fixed rate of 7%. This left them with losses, once short-term rates rose to double digits around 1980."}
{"815": "\n\nBoth scenarios require around $10,000 in upfront costs, whether it is for realtor/selling expenses or for fixing up the property for rental. It is important to take into consideration that buyers may request repairs prior to purchase, or request a reduction in price, but for the purposes of this analysis we will ignore those factors. In addition, we will not factor in the remaining mortgage, as it appears that it can be comfortably paid off. Assuming a property management fee of 10% and an average vacancy rate of 10% (depending on your local market), with a rental price of $1,000 per month, we arrive at a conservative estimate of 2.7% ROI. This is relatively low for a rental property. While your wife's rule of thumb of 1% of cash equity generally applies to leveraged rental purchase ROI, rising rental prices in your area could result in this rule being applicable soon. However, it is important to note that this investment will result in locked-in funds. If you are confident in your ability to rent the property and do not lose the tax benefit of selling, the option of a cash-out refinance could be an opportunity to access cash. To maintain a near-zero cash-flow, the cash-out amount should be structured so that payments do not exceed $3,200 per year (i.e.: $266 per month), which would require roughly $50,000 at a 5% fixed rate for a 30-year loan. Ultimately, the decision on what approach to take is up to you, and it is important to consider market stability, potential for large employer loss, and other relevant factors when deciding whether the \"you can always sell\" principle applies to your situation."}
{"816": "\n\nI am expanding on @Dilip's answer to address the additional points in your question, specifically relating to publicly traded stock options on the CBOE. In this context, you are not obligated to exercise a call option and thus do not need to maintain funds on account for potential exercising. Instead, you can let the option expire or resell it, neither of which requires funds to buy the underlying shares.\n\nHowever, if you do choose to exercise the call option, you will be required to fund your account as if you were buying the underlying shares. You should contact your broker to determine the exact rules and timing for this process.\n\nYou cannot cancel an option contract but can sell it to someone willing to buy it on the market. When you sell the option, you can profit or lose money based on the underlying share price, market volatility, and remaining time value. This process puts you back to having \"no position,\" which is not the same as canceling but does remove you from the trade.\n\nOption writers cannot cancel their option but can close out short positions by buying back a matching call option on the market. This process is called a \"buy to close,\" and it can result in profit or loss based on market prices.\n\nClearing is required to match buyers exercising call options with option writers having open short positions. For CBOE options, this clearing is performed by the Options Clearing Corporation, which is the sole issuer of all securities options listed at the CBOE, four other U.S. stock exchanges, and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD). \n\nWhen a call option writer must deliver shares to a call option buyer exercising a call, it's called assignment. This can result in the writer's position being called away, which may lead to a potentially profitable position being lost.\n\nWhile a covered call option writer must own the underlying shares, a naked call option writer does not necessarily need to possess them. However, this strategy is risky and not typically permitted by individual traders' brokers.\n\nYou can learn more about options trading through the Options Industry Council (OIC)."}
{"817": "\n\nBecoming an accredited investor is challenging for an ordinary person unless they change their career. Earning any legal certification in investments necessitates sponsorship from an investment company that one works for. Due to various reasons, these investments are usually not directly available to regular people. Therefore, it is wise to seek counsel from a registered investment adviser (RIA) before investing in something that lacks standardized features traded on a significant exchange. This investment field tends to be non-standardized; hence, advisers and investment managers with proper training can comprehend non-standard investments, evaluate legal documents, and make informed decisions. They ensure investors avoid pyramid schemes. Startup investments present numerous issues such as how much of the company or profit one is qualified for, restrictions on paying dividends, and the investment's liquidity. Some startup investment agreements have clauses that make the investment worthless. It is unlikely for a startup to go public, so investors must seek an RIA's service to invest their money for better returns. Overall, the restrictions exist to safeguard regular folks from making poor investment choices. Working with an RIA is easier, less risky, and not much more expensive."}
{"818": "\n\nThere is no need to take out an auto loan simply in an attempt to boost your credit score. Achieving a credit score of over 800 can be accomplished without the assistance of an auto loan. If you have the means, it is recommended to pay for the vehicle in full upfront. Despite any special financing promotions that may be available, paying upfront is still the better option. While financing at a low interest rate can potentially result in the opportunity to invest and make more money, unforeseen financial troubles such as losing a job or accumulating unexpected bills may make it difficult to fulfill loan payments. In my personal opinion, the peace of mind that comes with not having a car payment is invaluable."}
{"819": "\n\nThe differences between reducing financial exposure through selling stock and shorting it involve fees, stock rights, and reporting and tax obligations. While the essence of the question remains the same, details make it different. Tax reporting is generally less complicated for a straight sale, and a loss is more likely to be respected. However, the ability to have voting rights without economic exposure, known as empty voting, is a crucial difference. Hedge funds have been creative in decoupling voting rights from economic ownership, both with more votes than economic ownership and more economic ownership than votes with morphable voting rights. Such situations may not be disclosed, but the principle remains."}
{"820": "\n\nRevised: True blue preferred shares are considered hybrid securities, combining characteristics of credit and equity. They have seniority over common equity in bankruptcy liquidation, but their dividend payout is not mandatory. Financial institutions are the main issuers of preferred shares as they offer greater flexibility than bonds, without diluting common equity too much. Preferred shares are credit-like securities that generate income through fixed, yet potentially unpredictable, dividends. They tend to behave more like bonds, rising when interest rates fall and vice versa, and their price variances are more similar to bonds than common equities. If a company stops paying the preferred dividend or faces financial difficulties, the price of the preferred share is likely to decline. However, there are newer types of preferred shares, such as convertible preferred shares, which are based on common equity derivatives and therefore have greater volatility."}
{"821": "\n\nA standard HELOC generally includes an opening fee of around $300. How much or how long it is used for is up to your discretion. It is recommended that you explore different options and find the bank that offers the product that aligns with your requirements."}
{"822": "\n\nRevised: Purchasing a $10,000 life insurance policy for a child would be reasonable only for families who fall under specific circumstances. However, for families facing simultaneous financial and emotional distress, seeking religious guidance may prove helpful in finding ways to remember their loved ones through means other than expensive funerals, which could ultimately reduce their insurance costs. Surprisingly, larger life insurance policies may be more suitable for children. After all, what is the cost of replacing a child? For families with only one son or daughter, losing that child would mean losing an obvious part of their cultural and genetic legacy, which can be both emotionally and financially taxing. Bearing and raising a child to adulthood is an expensive responsibility, and the cost increases with each passing year. Moreover, conceiving another child can be a significant financial burden, especially if fertility treatments or sterilization reversal surgery is required. Regrettably, most insurance companies fail to recognize these complexities, and policies ranging between $100,000 to $250,000 for children are not readily available."}
{"823": "\n\nThe name of a Gilt indicates its redemption date, but not the original issue date. A Gilt offering 8.75% yield and nearing its redemption date may have been initially offered when interest rates were close to 8.75%. For instance, in the early 1990s, the inflation rate in the UK was approximately 8%. When selecting high or low coupon Gilt, one must weigh the trade-off between capital gains and income and how it impacts taxation. Should you hold a Gilt until its maturity date, you have the advantage of knowing the exact redemption price, which is \u00a3100. When making an investment, you may prefer to receive a high level of income now with the knowledge that there will be a capital loss in the future. Conversely, you may elect not to take any income, choosing instead to realize a guaranteed capital gain later on, such as when you retire from work. Additionally, you can utilize changes in market values of Gilts as a means of gambling or hedging against your predictions of future interest rate variations. With a 'government-guaranteed' fallback position, you will receive an exact return on the Gilt should your predictions turn out to be incorrect. The same concept applies to other bond investments, although they do not come with a government guarantee."}
{"824": "\n\nWhile it may be tempting to do so, opening a personal account for business purposes is not recommended as banks typically do not permit this practice. However, sole proprietors may be able to use a personal account by not disclosing that it is for business use. However, it is important to note that the volume of transactions may trigger the bank to switch the account to a business one. For corporations, it is not possible to use a personal account since corporate funds must be legally separated. Maintaining separate accounts is essential to ensure the limited liability protection that corporations provide. Business accounts usually have higher transaction volumes and costs associated with them, but some banks in the US offer free or low-cost business accounts for small businesses. Similar options may be available in Canada with some research."}
{"825": "\n\nWhen you pay for your flight, hotel, and conference attendance fees totaling $100, repay your credit card debt of $100, and receive your gross salary of $5000, your final balance sheet and income statement will reflect these transactions. It's important to note that when using this accounting method, your \"Salary\" account will show your net salary after deducting business expenses. However, the drawback is that this amount of $4900 may not match the official documentation.\n\nTo ensure accurate tax reporting, you should report your gross salary of $5000 to the tax agency and, if applicable, list the $100 as Unreimbursed Employee Expenses since you were not officially reimbursed. Additional information regarding this can be found in IRS Publication 529."}
{"826": "\n\nCan you confirm if these calculations are accurate? The figures provided are based on the assumption that the full corpus will be subject to tax. However, it has since been clarified by the finance ministry that only the interest earned will be taxed, not the contributions themselves. It's important to note that these revised calculations have yet to be made. \n\nUpdate: We have received communication from the finance ministry that this proposal is currently on hold."}
{"827": "\n\nThe answer to whether margin alone is a sufficient index to track company success depends on the industry. Comparing margin to peers does not always give an accurate picture. Apple is an exception in managing to charge a premium margin for a mass-market product. However, achieving this level of success is not typical. While analyzing investments, it is essential to understand the industry's standards for debt/equity, margin, cash-on-hand, and gearing, as well as assessing competitors' barriers to entry. High margins may not always indicate success, and they can easily be undermined by competitors. Companies offering continually high returns may be operating a Ponzi scheme, like Bernie Maddof. A consistent approach, the ability to survive adverse cyclical events, and investing in continuity are more important indicators of long-term success than short-term margin or profit increases. The entire company should not come to a halt when a key member retires."}
{"828": "\n\nThis Property118.com article presents a clear example of how the tax rate for private landlords with mortgages could increase drastically (from 18% to 67% by 2020), while corporate landlords remain unaffected. The article also references a report that strongly criticizes the tax changes, although the government holds a different stance. For more detailed illustrations of how these tax changes will be implemented, refer to the link provided. Additional information can be located on various landlord websites, with \"section 24\" being a key phrase to search for as it refers to the Finance (No. 2) Act 2015 section prompting these alterations. It should be noted that this change only pertains to private landlords, who own a property without a company and who have a mortgage, and who are categorized as higher or additional rate taxpayers following the revised calculations."}
{"829": "\n\nThat statement is accurate. As commodities function primarily as futures contracts, their real value is not typically demonstrated within grocery stores. Rather, it is determined by the level of supply and demand your local grocer faces."}
{"830": "\n\nWhat can I expect to pay in Federal Capital Gains tax, NYS Income tax, and local tax? You will be receiving a net amount of approximately 2.4 million dollars. The Federal long term capital gains tax is 20% (plus 3.8% medicare), and NYS tax is 8.82%. It would be beneficial to explore the tax advantages of financing the sale for the buyer. Consider consulting with your tax adviser to analyze the available options (such as financing, installment payments, etc.), especially if you have no other income sourced from the US. Additionally, it is recommended to review the tax treaties with your tax adviser. Ensure that your tax adviser holds a valid license in New York as an EA, CPA, or Attorney, and do not make any decisions without sound tax advice."}
{"831": "\n\nYou recently sold $10,000 worth of stock, which is now considered your own money. However, the stock was sold without actual ownership, which implies that you, through your broker, are essentially borrowing shares worth $10,000 from someone who owns them. As a borrower, you will be paying interest to the lender, though the exact interest rate varies based on factors like short interest in the stock. You can find information on the interest rate charged by checking the \"position\" column in your portfolio in the IB Workstation. \n\nIt's important to note that the $10k is not free money since the shares must eventually be bought back from the lender. If the value of the stock has increased by the time you repurchase it, the cost will be higher than the original $10k. Conversely, if the stock value has decreased, the cost will be lower."}
{"832": "\n\nThe availability of bids and asks is dependent on the time at which you are viewing them. During off-hours, several market makers may withdraw their bid and ask prices entirely. In the case of lightly traded stocks, there might be no market present except during regular trading hours."}
{"833": "\n\nKeep in mind that the US Treasury securities dominate the bond market. In fact, if a bond market equivalent of the S&P 500 existed, the US would occupy positions 1-400. Therefore, it's essential to ensure that you comprehend the composition of your bond funds. Otherwise, you might not be as diversified as you believe."}
{"834": "\n\nA recent paper attempted to analyze Buffett's outperformance, with the following abstract: \"Berkshire Hathaway has a Sharpe ratio of 0.76, the highest among any stock or mutual fund with a history of 30 years or more, and has a significant alpha to traditional risk factors. However, after controlling for exposure to the Betting-Against-Beta and Quality-Minus-Junk factors, the alpha becomes insignificant. Further, an average leverage of 1.6-to-1 is estimated for Buffett. Therefore, it appears that his returns result from the use of leverage in combination with a focus on cheap, safe, and quality stocks, rather than luck or magic. By decomposing Berkshire's portfolio, it can be seen that holding publicly traded stocks rather than wholly-owned private companies performs best, indicating that his outperformance stems from stock selection rather than management. These findings have significant implications for market efficiency and the feasibility of academic factors.\""}
{"835": "\n\nIn the UK, there are spread betting firms that act as financial bookmakers and remain open 24x7 to accept significant wagers. Additionally, interbank forex remains accessible 24x7, and numerous futures markets exist in various jurisdictions. Various organizations are willing to take the opposing position to yours day or night if you qualify, and ways to locate them are plentiful."}
{"836": "\n\nIf you use credit and make timely payments, you won't have to worry about your credit score. Dwelling too much on your score can be a major distraction, as it's not the only factor when it comes to improving your financial situation."}
{"837": "\n\nFlipping typically involves buying a property, making improvements to it, and then reselling it quickly. This is considered a real-estate transaction. While the tax code does not specifically address house flipping, there is a distinction between a flipper and an investor. The difference is comparable to that between a trader and an investor. The revenue generated from house flipping can be classified as either active business gain or passive activity income, each of which is treated differently. Income from passive activities is reported on Schedule E and Schedule D, whereas income from active activities is reported on Schedule C. The differentiation between passive and active is dependent on the nature of the activity and the time invested in it. Trading income can likewise be categorized as passive or active. Certain special rules apply to traders in securities, who engage in buying and selling securities for their own accounts. Although traders do not maintain inventories or have customers, this activity is still considered a business. To be a trader in securities, you must meet certain conditions. Whether your activity is classified as a securities trading business or not is dependent on various factors, which can be discussed with a tax professional. If your trading activity does not qualify as a business, you will be classified as an investor, which means passive income treatment (Schedule D/E). However, even if your income is classified as active (Schedule C), sale proceeds from stocks are not subject to self-employment tax. The facts and circumstances surrounding your activity are critical in determining how it will be treated for tax purposes. You should consult with a licensed tax advisor (EA/CPA) in your state for more information and advice."}
{"838": "\n\nRevised: A general rule of thumb for retiring with a yearly income of $X is to save $(20*X), assuming an average 4% return on your stabilized savings/investments. For instance, if you wish to retire with $50k in passive pretax income, you would need to have saved $1M by retirement age. If you desire the $50,000 to be real post-tax dollars and do not have savings invested in a Roth 401k or Roth IRA, adjust your savings accordingly to account for taxes. However, the level of savings required depends on your starting point, the yearly contribution, investment strategy, and the number of years prior to retirement. Merely passive investment may not suffice unless you begin with a significant sum, while ongoing investment may work depending on how much you save. To evaluate whether a specific plan will help you achieve your goals, you must work on actual figures."}
{"839": "\n\nIn the US, using checks is not necessary. Personally, I rely on credit cards for nearly all of my purchases and rarely carry cash or checks. It is feasible to pay all monthly bills without checks, as many individuals choose to do. Years ago, credit cards were typically not accepted at grocery stores, but now most retail locations and restaurants do accept them. The only exceptions I have noticed in recent years are a local chicken restaurant and the warehouse store, Costco, which solely accepts its own credit card. However, the majority of our monthly bills are still paid by check and it is not uncommon to see individuals using checks to pay for groceries. While I cannot recall the last time I witnessed someone writing a check in a store, it certainly would not raise any eyebrows. Large transactions, such as purchasing a car or home, usually require checks; however, in such cases, certified or cashier's checks are usually preferred over personal checks."}
{"840": "\n\nPreviously, Google's update for their stock prices was delayed by 15 minutes. With a recent change, users of Google Finance can now view stock prices in real-time."}
{"841": "\n\nConsider heading over to https://law.stackexchange.com/ to seek advice on this matter. From a personal finance perspective, it is not uncommon for financial disputes to arise when an individual passes away and heirs have differing expectations. It appears that in this case, the daughter may have overestimated the inheritance amount, while underestimating the cost of her father's care in his final days. It is important to not get caught up in this type of drama. You are correct in your assertion that the daughter has no right to view the bank account statements before her father's passing. It is also important to consider if she has any claim to them now. In the United States, joint accounts can be established in a way that allows ownership to transfer to the surviving account holder(s) upon the death of the original owner. Thus, your mother may now hold sole ownership of the account. It may be wise to consult with the bank to obtain free advice. Additionally, it is worth considering the classification of the account since your father's passing. A power of attorney can grant broad or limited authority; in this case, it is likely that your mother held general POA, allowing her to act in her husband's stead. Therefore, it is within her rights to use funds from the joint account for her own expenses. In summary, it is unlikely that the daughter has any legal right to access past records or the joint bank account, given the circumstances."}
{"842": "\n\nGenerally speaking, liquidity is desirable because it facilitates the buying and selling of stocks. High liquidity stocks boast significant trading volumes, resulting in narrower bid-ask spreads. This translates to easy and cost-effective trading opportunities practically anytime. Conversely, low liquidity stocks often exhibit wide bid-ask spreads, which can make it challenging or expensive to enter or exit trades. However, high liquidity stocks receive much scrutiny, making it harder to gain a trading edge. For instance, a blue-chip company like Microsoft has up to 50 full-time analysts, thousands of professional traders, and millions of investors who have access to the same news articles and financial reports as you. Conversely, low liquidity stocks typically do not have much analyst coverage, few professional traders, and a small investor base, making it easier to identify potentially profitable transactions. In general, high liquidity does not necessarily indicate that everyone is buying or selling, only that there is more trading activity."}
{"843": "\n\nHe has offered to send me money as a gift, but I am uncertain about the legitimacy of this offer. Are you familiar with this individual? I need to determine how much money he can legally send and what taxes would be applicable. While there is no specified limit, taxes must be paid in accordance with my tax bracket, and the money received will be classified as \"income from other sources\". I am planning on investing this money in the stock market, but if the intent is to repay with profits earned through investments, I must comply with the Foreign Exchange Management Act. It is important to note that the transfer of funds outside of India is subject to certain restrictions."}
{"844": "\n\nIf you find a promising job, don't let the need to relocate hold you back. Some organizations may assist with relocation expenses, such as travel costs, moving expenses, security deposits, and more. Asking about their relocation policy is worth a try; even if they decline, it's unlikely that a company would reject you solely on this basis. However, purchasing a home right away isn't advisable. A house is a big, long-term commitment, and there's a chance you might change your mind about the job or location. It's also challenging to buy a house remotely, as you'd need to visit several homes, research various neighborhoods, and hone your instincts on market prices. When I moved a few years ago to a neighboring state, I rented an apartment for two years before committing to home ownership. If the firm doesn't extend relocation benefits, do you have the funds to make the move? However, it doesn't have to be incredibly costly if you're strapped for cash. For example, if you recently graduated, you probably don't possess a lot of belongings. (When I obtained my first job out of college, I was able to transport everything I had in the back seat of my Pinto, with my one piece of furniture strapped to the roof!) If your car isn't enough to transport your belongings, renting a truck and tow bar could be an option. Rent an inexpensive apartment or living space. You'll typically be required to pay for the initial month and security deposit. You may furnish your apartment inexpensively with garage sale items and similar finds. If you lack available funds, do you have a credit card, or could you borrow from your parents? (They may be eager to lend you money to assist you in leaving the nest!)"}
{"845": "\n\nRefusing to pay interest is not equivalent to earning income. There is no transaction or record to take into account for the unpaid interest. However, you do have a cost that has been eliminated, and you can choose to allocate those funds elsewhere on a monthly basis."}
{"846": "\n\nCongratulations on your decision to save and invest your money. It's important to know that mutual funds, including index funds, typically require a minimum investment of a few thousand dollars, with $3000 being a common amount. However, if investing in an IRA, the minimum may be reduced to $1000. If you're starting with a small balance, you may need to set up automated monthly investments of $50 or $100.\n\nIt's a wise choice to explore the different requirements for specific index funds. The Fidelity and Vanguard families offer excellent low-cost index funds, but keep in mind that each fund may have varying minimum investment rules. Additionally, you can choose from various indexes such as the S&P 500, MidCap, Small-Cap, and Total Stock Market indexes. Though these choices may be limited initially, until you have more money to invest.\n\nOnce you've made your choice, resist the urge to check on your investment too often. This could cause undue stress and lead to rash decisions. Remember to \"Buy Low, Sell High\"; many investors make the mistake of pulling out of long-term investments at the first sign of a downturn, resulting in buying high and selling low.\n\nIt's important to note that, as the end of the year approaches, many stock funds will declare dividends and capital gains distributions, resulting in potential taxes on your 2012 tax return. This is known as \"buying a dividend.\" To avoid this, spend time researching now, but make your investment in late December after your chosen fund has made its distributions, as indicated on the fund's website. Alternatively, you can wait until early 2013 to invest."}
{"847": "\n\nThe situation in Australia is similar to what the US faced during the crash, with individuals taking on debt despite poor credit ratings and the inability to pay. The issue lies not in the debt itself, but in how effectively individuals can service their debt with their limited disposable income. Additionally, banks must consider how they will collect money from borrowers who default. In the US, individuals have the option to refinance their debt or default, causing banks to hedge their risks. If this is also an option in Australia, there may be a crash. Otherwise, there is no need to worry. Continued lending by banks could result in higher inflation and interest rates, as well as a possible downgrade in government-issued bonds. However, there may be a boost in exports due to a devalued Australian dollar and increased import costs."}
{"848": "\n\nIf you want to teach your children about basic accounting principles, a great resource is Khan Academy. However, it takes practice for these concepts to truly sink in and, let's be honest, it can be a bit dry for kids who may not be interested. Instead, consider setting up an account on Mint with them, which will help them stay aware of their finances. Mint also provides a variety of videos that teach basic personal finance. If you want to go deeper and teach your children about the techniques and methods behind creating and maintaining a personal ledger or journal, as well as reconciling it against a bank account, you'll be getting into material that undergraduates study. The good news is that there are plenty of first-year textbooks available second-hand, usually for very cheap.\n\nBut ultimately, what matters most is mindset. Keeping financial records and managing money is easy with the right approach. Demonstrate this to your children by keeping your own finances in order and showing them how you organize and file bills, credit cards, and other financial documents. This way, they will learn the importance of keeping financial records and will be more likely to understand this concept when it is discussed in the future. Emphasize the importance of living within your means, which is the key to financial stability, even if they don't understand the finer points of bookkeeping or other accounting concepts."}
{"849": "\n\nCashBase offers a suite of synced web, iPhone, and Android applications. While it does not provide automatic bank integration, users can still import bank statements as CSV files. Full disclosure: Filip is the founder of CashBase."}
{"850": "\n\nAlthough you have the option to trade CFDs, it might not be the best choice since slippage can still result in losses that exceed your investment."}
{"851": "\n\nYou can only do a like-kind (Sec. 1031) exchange for business or investment properties, not for personal property. As you traded in your personal car, a like-kind exchange is not possible. Furthermore, since the new car is not yours, no exchange actually took place. Though Turbo-Tax suggests filling out the exchange form, this is likely due to an incorrect entry made during data input. Please review your entries and ensure that you did not accidentally indicate that you purchased a new car, as this did not occur. Please refer to the provided example for a starting point."}
{"852": "\n\nIf you use the car regularly, I don't believe driving on bald tires for 3 years is a reasonable option. Have you considered purchasing used tires? They will be less expensive and will last until you replace the vehicle."}
{"853": "\n\nTo acquire true knowledge, it is necessary to unlearn first. I suggest reading \"Fooled by Randomness\" authored by Nassim Taleb."}
{"854": "\n\nYou should also take into account any taxation matters. Since you will be receiving rent payments, you must report them as income. Additionally, it may be necessary to pay capital gains tax upon the property's resale."}
{"855": "\n\nRevised: If your account has been closed, you should not be able to use your debit card in any manner. However, since you mentioned that you are still able to use it, it indicates that your bank account is active. Therefore, the scam claim is invalid. If your bank account is closed, the bank will verify your address and send you a cheque for the remaining balance. You have no need to worry, your money will not be lost."}
{"856": "\n\nThe main concept behind the PRPP is to provide an opportunity for small businesses and self-employed individuals to pool their resources together and create voluntary, defined-contribution pension plans. This enables them to access plans that would otherwise be unaffordable if created alone. Private sector financial institutions are responsible for managing these plans. Not only does the PRPP offer more options to individuals, but it also benefits small to medium-sized businesses. Learn more about tax rules for PRPPs and get an overview of the program under the new pension scheme referred to as \"THE NEW PRPP - A Pension for the Pension-Less\"."}
{"857": "\n\nIf you use your own name as your business name, you will be automatically operating as a sole-proprietorship. This means that any income you earn and expenses you incur can be included on your personal tax return. With the help of QuickTax Home & Business tax software, you can confidently navigate through the necessary steps without the need for an accountant. However, a downside of operating as a sole-proprietorship in your own name is that you will be personally liable for any legal issues that may arise within your business. This means that if you get sued, your personal assets could be at risk. To minimize this risk, you may want to consider opening a corporation. By doing so, you will be insulated from any legal issues that may occur, as the corporation will be responsible for any liabilities. To make the best decision for your business, it's recommended that you seek advice from a lawyer and an accountant. They will provide you with expert guidance on which direction is best for your specific situation."}
{"858": "\n\nThe IPO price is determined through negotiations between the underwriters and NASDAQ specialist. The process is complicated as each party has their own interests. In the case of Facebook, for instance, the IPO was priced at $38 for everyone. However, at the secondary market, the price fluctuated depending on the bid and ask. The demand and supply of the stock dictates the price at the secondary market. If buyers were eager to obtain shares right after the IPO, the initial price likely went up."}
{"859": "\n\nRevised: Opt for cash or debit card payment whenever possible, and avoid using credit cards unless it is absolutely necessary. If you are struggling financially and require a credit card, focus on reducing expenses. Purchase only essential items such as food and concentrate on earning more money. It is recommended to opt for affordable food choices for the time being."}
{"860": "\n\nTo preserve your sanity and friendship, I recommend changing the topic when your friends discuss real estate. It's essential to distinguish between \"belief\" and \"knowledge.\" Debating with a staunch believer will not yield positive results and may deteriorate the relationship. The truth can be challenging to accept at times."}
{"861": "\n\nThe proposed scenario is too simplistic and unlikely to occur in practice. Orders are processed sequentially over time, and time plays a crucial role in the order matching process. Processing orders in parallel would raise fairness concerns and make regulation even more complex. Regulators prohibit crossed and locked markets, which happen when one exchange's bid is higher than another's ask, or a lower ask than another's bid, and when a bid on one exchange equals an ask on another. High-frequency traders could exploit these markets because of the difference in exchange fees. As a result, orders are queued up in a sequence and processed based on price-time priority to avoid crossed or locked markets. The first order to cross the market will be matched with the best oldest opposing order. Crossed or locked markets are considered unfair by regulators. However, they could eliminate the bid-ask spread for many large securities, which would lower the bid-ask cost for the holder."}
{"862": "\n\nIt is impossible for us to determine whether or not the clerk is attempting to swindle $1.29 from you on a repeated basis. However, I fail to comprehend the motive behind such an action. Consistently overcharging for a minor amount endangers long-term customer satisfaction and is detrimental to a business. The potential gain of $1.29 is not worth risking disgruntling a customer. It is reasonable to assume that this is not malice, but rather a mistake.  Our concern is that you have been charged correctly in the end, and the extra $1.29 was reimbursed after being charged for two drinks. It is now up to you whether or not you want to purchase drinks in the future. If you do decide to return, it should be expected that there may be an error in the price, and it will need to be corrected. If this is too inconvenient, it may be best to avoid this store altogether."}
{"863": "\n\nThis investment strategy involves profiting from a short trade of common stock as the main position. Convertible instruments tend to move in the same direction as the underlying stock but with less volatility and volume, making them suitable for hedging against the stock going up. Bonds and preference shares are higher on the list to be repaid in case of bankruptcy and offer fixed interest payouts that can protect against potential problems with a long position in the common stock. The plan is to earn fixed income from bonds as the stock price drops, sell both bonds and buy back the stock to cover the short position. If the stock rises instead, fixed income from bonds can still be earned and be converted into stock at a higher price to cover the short sale, reducing losses. The profit comes from the price spread and the fixed income is less volatile than stock, except for the junk market."}
{"864": "\n\nThere is a spending account available for dependent care, which covers expenses related to child care. Additionally, medical and dental expenses that exceed a certain percentage of your income may be eligible for deduction on your tax return."}
{"865": "Investing in stocks can be challenging, and one of the most difficult parts is knowing when to sell. Predictions about a company's earnings, made by knowledgeable and honest experts, are constantly being released, yet it takes time to determine whether these predictions will come true. To make investment choices, the public has access to financial information, called fundamental analysis, which investment firms regularly use. However, in an efficient market, all public information is immediately factored into the stock's price. Therefore, investing using a single piece of information involves high risk because other factors affect stock value over time. Investment firms have teams of researchers and years of experience in the sector, and individuals should be cautious when picking individual stocks. If investing in equities or small startups, the risk increases. Furthermore, investing in a newly public company \u2013 with an initial public offering (IPO) \u2013 involves additional risks: the company must calculate the best price point for the public, and sometimes the stock price drops on the first day. To invest, people should research the industry, the company, and the experts as much as possible before putting money into it. The analogy of buying a car highlights the importance of knowing all the details before making a decision - investing money works similarly. Therefore, while there is money to be made in individual stock investing, only those who have a thorough understanding of the industry and the details typically make significant gains."}
{"866": "\n\nLooking at buying a house as a long-term investment instead of paying rent can be a wise decision. However, there are certain upfront costs involved, such as legal fees and taxes. It is important to only consider houses of the size and location that meets your needs, no better than what you would have rented. Purchasing a house tends to be beneficial during times of high inflation, as paying rent could become costly. Although, it is important to keep in mind the short-term pain of high-interest rates."}
{"867": "\n\nRevised: Relying on borrowed money to cover living expenses is not a sustainable approach. Financial institutions are skilled at identifying individuals who attempt to survive solely on debt and will terminate your access to credit once detected. In general, if you default on a credit card or bank loan for six months, you risk losing your ability to borrow for a minimum of a decade. Furthermore, your outstanding debt may be sold to collection agencies who will pursue aggressive tactics to coerce payment. Some creditors may even initiate legal action against you and attempt to seize your assets, including your vehicle. It is imperative that you secure a reliable income source immediately."}
{"868": "\n\nTo determine the fundamental value of a share, search for the company's P/E ratio and multiply it by the last reported E.P.S. Avoid investing in shares with prices higher than this calculated value or vice versa."}
{"869": "\n\nYou have received some good answers, but as proper protocol is your concern, it is advisable to keep everything in writing (emails, not phone calls). Additionally, for quick response, it is recommended to contact the University \"Accounts Payable\" department, provide them with a summary of the situation as you posted here and request for the ABA routing number for the transfer. To cover your bases, all you need are the routing number, email confirmation and your bank statement as records."}
{"870": "\n\nTOCOM Crude is a blend of Oman and Dubai crude oil, and it is cash-settled in USD. While the daily settlement price is based on mark-to-market values, the final settlement price is determined by averaging reported prices from Dubai and Oman, or by using a known procedure in certain cases. This price is then converted to Yen using reference bank-published monthly average exchange rates. It is recommended to use the original Oman and Dubai prices unless there is a specific aim to arbitrage the TOCOM market. TOCOM provides a reliable and consistent way of trading cash-oil by taking on all the associated challenges. Customers trust the TOCOM price finding process and expect no discrepancies between their TOCOM cash-oil and Middle East physical oil.\n\nIt is not cost-effective for Japan to buy WTI directly, given the expense of logistics involved in transporting the oil from Cushing, OK, to a port on the west coast and then shipping it to Japan. By contrast, Dubai's delivery location is at Jebel Ali (Persian Gulf), and Omani crude can be shipped straight from Mina Al Fahal. Shipping companies specializing in oil deliveries to Asian hotspots can undertake these shorter trips more efficiently.\n\nAs Persian oil is highly sought after across nearly all of Asia's economies, but there are few other exported goods from the region, the market for currency crosses is not very liquid. Therefore, it makes sense for Dubai and Oman to quote their contracts in USD and accept only USD for payment."}
{"871": "\n\nHere are some ideas that may be helpful."}
{"872": "\n\nIt is probable that their payment scale for interns has a maximum rate of below $30/hour to comply with the FLSA regulations regarding exempt versus non-exempt status. As a PhD student, you could potentially negotiate for a pay rate around $25/hour, but in terms of benefits, they may not be able to offer you $35/hour unless you are hired as a full-time, exempt employee."}
{"873": "\n\nThe quoted sentence is not relevant in situations where you sell the stock at a loss. Instead, you would acknowledge a capital loss (which is the opposite of a gain) for the loss, and zero ordinary income. Please see this source for further information: http://efs.fidelity.com/support/sps/article/article2.html."}
{"874": "\n\nIf you tend to be lured by \"suspicious\" offers, it's possible that refraining from availing of the offered services could eventually enhance your long-term credit and decrease the number of new credit lines. However, if you merely discard the offers without taking any action, it's unlikely to have a positive impact on your credit score. That being said, it's important to note that there is no direct correlation between these offers and your credit score."}
{"875": "\n\nAfter conducting research on the Internet, I found this article about upcoming changes to options symbols: http://education.wallstreetsurvivor.com/options-symbol-changes-coming-february-12th-2010. It appears that these changes will not impact your ability to invest in options, but rather will affect how you search for and identify them. In my personal experience using a Bloomberg terminal, it was difficult to determine the expiration date of a given option. This new quote system seems to address that issue. Hope that helps."}
{"876": "\n\nMy CPA has advised against the proposed action, as it could result in a significant increase in taxes amounting to thousands of dollars. It appears that the conversion from capital gains at 14% to another category at a 35% rate is possible, especially if the gain under Sec.1231 rules qualifies as depreciation recapture. However, this may be beneficial for the buyer, and not your responsibility to worry about. It is not advisable to proceed with an action that your CPA has definitively advised against. Although some actions may seem feasible, it is crucial to heed your CPA's advice, especially when it comes to taxes."}
{"877": "\n\nIn most cases, you will need to register your LLC in the state where you are located. In your situation, you would need to register as either a domestic (in-state) or foreign (out-of-state) LLC in either Colorado or Oklahoma. If you have concerns beyond convenience and costs, it is advisable to consult with a lawyer. While state LLC laws are generally similar, most websites that discuss forming an LLC out-of-state are geared towards sales or foreign companies forming a US entity. The idea that forming an LLC in Delaware, Nevada, or Wyoming is beneficial is generally irrelevant for US residents, since they must register in their home state regardless. Additionally, if you are already conducting business in two states, it makes little sense to add the expense of registering in a third state."}
{"878": "\n\nAlthough there are plausible explanations for the stock market's movements, no one can know for certain because understanding the minds of all market players is impossible. Many market players use secret proprietary algorithms. Even if these explanations make sense now, they are hypotheses that may be discarded if the market follows distinct patterns. Therefore, it is best to explain to your son that the stock market is like a complex game of poker, where everyone tries to guess the direction of the herd.\n\nTo help him understand the market, there are two things you can do. One is to play a simple market game with him, and the other is to teach him about bonds' pricing and their movements, which can be based on fundamental financial logic. Once he understands this, you can introduce him to different ways of valuing stocks and what market movements tell us about how people are valuing different companies.\n\nTo help him grasp the current situation better, here's a different take on it; suppose these stocks moved seasonally, and their prices increased during the late fall and winter months. Smart people realized they could buy them cheap in summer and sell them when the prices went up, and more people caught on, making easy money. Soon, the stock starts to rise in summer, forcing people to buy earlier in the spring, and so on. Essentially, a strategy to profit from seasonal changes is unstable because it relies on anticipating the moves of others."}
{"879": "\n\nWhile it is not obligatory to use a broker, it is highly recommended. The requirements for lawyers or escrow companies may vary by county, so it is advisable to verify the local regulations. Typically, escrow companies are necessary to obtain title insurance, secure financing, and negotiate the price. Agents are legally obligated to be knowledgeable about the process and can guide clients through crucial steps such as reading inspection reports, requesting seller disclosures and information, obtaining HOA documents and disclosures, and negotiating prices based on market information like comparable sales and listings. While attempting to navigate this alone is possible, it would be a challenging endeavor that could result in missing essential steps and costly issues in the future. Using an agent will typically result in a 5% commission fee, and if the process is completed without one, a discount of approximately 5% on the property's market value can be expected. As someone who has bought properties in California and other states, I strongly recommend using an agent, but if you are willing to accept the potential risk of missing vital steps and willing to trust the other party entirely, then proceeding without an agent can save money."}
{"880": "\n\nIt appears that you may not qualify for certain deductions or exemptions related to your home office. Saying \"dedicated space\" is not sufficient - it must be an exclusive room used solely for business purposes. You cannot deduct a portion of a room that is also used for non-business activities. It is best to seek professional advice to determine your eligibility. Also, note that your office does not necessarily have to be located in the US, but it must be in your primary residence. If you take the primary residence exclusion as part of your Foreign Earned Income exclusion, you may not be eligible for certain deductions."}
{"881": "\n\nAre there any ways to decrease the amount of taxes owed? It's currently December and one option may be to sell half of what is desired now and the other half in January to divide the tax burden over two years. Are there any additional strategies for reducing taxes in this situation? One possibility is to sell stocks that have decreased in value since purchasing. This should only be done if the belief in the stock's potential has changed and it is no longer worth holding onto. When selling stocks, any losses can offset gains. For example, selling one stock for a gain of $10,000 and another for a loss of $5,000 would result in being taxed on only the $5,000 net gain. It is possible to sell the decreasing stock to realize the loss and purchase it later at a lower price, as long as it is not a concern that it may increase during that time. However, it is important to wait at least 30 days before repurchasing to avoid the wash sale rules. This technique is known as tax loss harvesting."}
{"882": "\n\nWhy bother with ETFs when you can just trade options? With options, you have more control and understanding of your actions. The \"exotic\" ETFs that allow you to double long or short indexes are not options contracts, but rather collections of unregulated swaps with little transparency. Furthermore, most short/double long ETFs are designed to track securities for a single day, with daily trading expected. Additionally, there is no guarantee that ETFs will perform as expected even in a single day. In my opinion, the simplicity of ETFs can be deceiving."}
{"883": "\n\nThere are already many great answers here, but since I've been asking myself the same question, I thought I'd add my two cents. As pointed out by @user541852587, behavior is crucial in this decision. If you're like most recent graduates, this may be the first time you are seriously considering building wealth. The question is, can you pay off your student loans quickly and then have the discipline to invest at least as much, if not more, as you were putting towards your loans? While many people are good at paying bills on time and in full, they may struggle to prioritize investing in themselves. As @Brandon mentioned, it is possible to do both. This approach makes practical sense, promotes good habits, boosts confidence, and diversifies your investment portfolio. Personally, I have been making double payments on my student loans while also maxing out my IRA, HSA, & 401k. In addition, I have a rental property, but that's another topic altogether. I am gaining control over my finances, habits, and reducing my loan balance. As my income increases, I plan to accelerate my student loan payments before investing more, ultimately paying off my loans before investing fully. Overall, I believe pursuing both options is a great idea."}
{"884": "\n\nAfter conducting some research, I stumbled upon a fascinating article that perfectly reflected my situation. The article used \"Susan\" as an example, who possessed an undergraduate degree in Computer Science from the University of Washington and was aiming to apply for a master's program at the same university, or an equivalent program, in order to secure a position at a top-tier tech company. Despite her efforts, she had only managed to secure jobs at startup and lesser-known companies. \nHowever, based on the article's analysis, obtaining a master's degree might not be the best option for Susan. She could increase her chances of getting hired by working for a startup and simultaneously cultivating her skills through personal projects. This approach could potentially lead to greater financial gains in the long run. \nSource: [Article link goes here]."}
{"885": "\n\nThe Motley Fool article correctly states that if you earn over $1000 in UBTI, you must pay taxes on it, even if it is held in an IRA. C-corps do not generate UBTI, so they are not a concern. The most common non-C-corps are REITs, MLPs, and BDCs. REITs typically invest in either real estate property or mortgages. mREITs, which invest in mortgages, can occasionally generate UBTI. However, this should not deter investors from considering them since they can be a great source of income and best held in an IRA, which is tax-free. Some examples of mREITs are NLY, CIM, and AGNC, while property REITs include O, SNR, OHI, and EQR.\n\nMLPs, like REITs, are pass-through entities but can issue complex K-1 forms during tax time. Holding MLPs in an IRA can be more convenient to avoid these complications, given that the UBTI generated does not exceed $1000. Examples of MLPs include MAIN, MCC, and ARCC.\n\nBDCs are also pass-through entities that give income taxed at the ordinary income bracket if held in a taxable account. Examples of BDCs include MAIN, MCC, and ARCC. Consulting their 10-K reports can help assess the risk of UBTI. Ultimately, UBTI is rare, so investors should not let that deter them from considering investments in REITs, MLPs, and BDCs, which can all be valuable sources of income."}
{"886": "\n\nIn economics/finance, a well-known correlation is that stock prices and bond yields have an inverse relationship. As stock prices rise, bond yields generally fall, indicating a strong credit risk and resulting in a decreased yield to maturity for bonds in the market. While correlations between the stock and futures markets may be apparent in actual price histories, it is more likely that various future prices have correlations with specific companies' stocks. When the price of a raw material, which is a significant cost of goods sold for a company, rises, the prices of futures for that material and those of the company's stock may move inversely in the short term. If there is a causative relationship here, it is more likely that futures prices influence stock prices, rather than the other way around. The futures market often indicates the cost side of the bottom line for consumer goods producers, while the stock market represents profits. Thus, futures going up may pressure stock prices down as profit expectations decrease. Indirectly, even industries dealing in services or other goods can be affected as consumers may reduce spending in other areas when the cost of a needed commodity rises. Companies adapt to changing costs by gradually increasing prices or using less expensive materials, restructuring production processes or even moving factories offshore. These measures can reduce costs, increase profits and lower demand for the commodity, causing futures prices to drop. Long-term market variations, however, are more affected by factors such as inflation, consumer/investor confidence and monetary policies."}
{"887": "\n\nI cannot speak for India, but in the US, banks and other friendly institutions like credit unions used to offer a 'secured' credit card option. This involved placing a lock on an amount of money in a savings account that was equivalent to the credit limit on the card. For instance, if you had $1500 in savings, you could lock $1000 and receive a credit card account with a limit of $1000. Although you could not withdraw the locked money, you would still earn interest on the full amount of your savings. You would only be required to maintain a minimum balance of $1000 in the account."}
{"888": "\n\nThe VAT system allows the plumber to request a refund on the VAT paid for the purchase. This differs from a sales tax, as VAT is refunded between each stage of production. For instance, if the original cost of a pipe is \u00a31 with a VAT of \u00a30.2, the material company adds \u00a31 of value, the producer adds \u00a34, the supplier adds \u00a35, and the plumber adds \u00a35. At each stage of production, VAT is paid on the value added, typically at a rate of 20%, unless zero or reduced-rated. The pipe supplier pays \u00a31 but receives a \u00a30.2 refund, while the plumber pays \u00a33 but gets a \u00a32 refund. Each person pays a portion of VAT, which is refunded to the next in line, until the final person pays the full amount. Ultimately, the producer, supplier, and plumber receive refunds of \u00a30.2, \u00a31, and \u00a32, respectively."}
{"889": "\n\nAs a finance student, I must respectfully disagree with the statement that \"Finance is something all adults need to deal with but almost nobody learns in school.\" In my experience, those around me are knowledgeable in finance, and competition in the finance market is so intense that finding a paid internship is challenging. Financial planning is subjective, and it is up to individuals to determine their financial goals. My number one rule is to never spend what I do not have. I do not agree with the reflection that one should always pay off their credit card at the end of each month. Why not spend from savings and plan monthly expenditures before spending on \"wants?\" By doing so, one can avoid credit card debt altogether. Once expenses are under control, an emergency fund should be established. The amount saved depends on individual circumstances and may be equal to six months of monthly income. Investing should only occur after an emergency fund is established, and health insurance should be secured before venture into investments for returns. Dollar-cost-averaging is a powerful tool for retail investors. Living with parents is acceptable in Asian countries, and moving out at 18 to live independently is not a cultural expectation. There are no benefits to this pressure, only unmanageable rent or mortgage payments with entry-level pay."}
{"890": "\n\nBy placing the property under her name, it would be considered her asset in case of a lawsuit. In the event of a divorce after marriage, it would depend on whether Michigan follows community property laws and other factors, but her ex could potentially claim 50% of her share in the property."}
{"891": "\n\nIn January 2010, Aulerich, Irwin, and Garcia published a paper on the impact of index funds on commodity futures. Their findings suggest that index funds do not significantly affect commodity futures. However, when it comes to stocks, inclusion in major indexes can lead to an increase in price and turnover. Kula cites information indicating that the stock price increase tends to happen before the stock is included. Additionally, there may be a small price bubble on index-included stocks on Monday mornings, Friday afternoons, and at the start and end of the month due to mutual fund rebalancing. This phenomenon may apply to other stocks to a lesser extent. It is important to note that the price difference was minimal. Generally, stocks included in well-known indexes are in higher demand than those that are not. Despite this, actively-managed mutual funds still struggle to beat the indexes consistently."}
{"892": "\n\nIn a trade, shares are both bought and sold. For a trade to occur in the secondary market, there must be a buyer and a seller. Therefore, \"lasttradesize\" indicates that a buyer has purchased shares from a seller."}
{"893": "\n\nYes, you may deduct some of the expenses that you have incurred. For expenses incurred before starting your business, deductible startup costs are defined by the IRS as capital expenses that cover: 1) expenses for investigating the creation or acquisition of an active trade or business, such as market survey costs, product analysis, labor supply, visiting potential business locations, and similar expenses, and 2) expenses for getting a business ready to operate, like employee training and wages, consultant fees, advertising, and travel costs associated with finding suppliers, distributors, and customers. These expenses can only be claimed if your research and preparation result in the formation of a successful business. Find more information on how to claim these expenses on the IRS website if you decide not to go into business. \n\nOnce your business is running, the deductibility of your expenses will depend on your business organization. If you are a sole proprietor, file them on Schedule C of your Form 1040 on your personal tax return. If you are a partnership, C-Corp, or S-Corp, they will be accounted for at the business level and either passed on to you via Schedule K (partnership and S-Corp) or deducted directly by the company (C-Corp). In any case, it is necessary to keep good records that substantiate your expenses as business-related. An initial consultation with a CPA can be beneficial to starting on the right path."}
{"894": "\n\nIf you go through the Pricing & Terms section of the card, you will notice that the card is strictly for business purposes, and it can be issued to a public or private company, sole proprietor, or employees/contractors of an organization. This Visa Business Card is under Chase brand, hence it is widely accepted where Visa cards are recognized. It is worth noting that credit cards are usually either MasterCard or Visa, however, some of them do not explicitly state this fact. American Express and Discover are major exceptions to this rule, along with store cards that are only functional at particular stores."}
{"895": "\n\nRevised: While the answer to the question asked may be simple, raising kids is not. However, rest assured that G-d does provide. :)"}
{"896": "\n\nStructuring personal finances relative to expenses can quickly become complicated, as demonstrated by your example. I recommend a solution that minimizes duplication. Depending on the information you want to track, you could set it up in various ways. One solution is to create virtual sub-accounts of your assets and record the source of money instead of the destination. This way, when you generate an expense report, you can limit it to \"his\" or \"hers\" asset accounts and see only the expenses that pertain to those accounts. You can apply the same logic to liabilities and credit cards. If, on the other hand, you're more interested in a running sum of expenses, instead of creating \"Me\" and \"Spouse\" accounts at every leaf of the expense tree, it would make more sense to create top-level expense accounts for \"Expenses: His: etc.\" and \"Expenses: Hers: etc.\" For each of your spending, you can then create sub-expense accounts, matching account structures for common accounts."}
{"897": "\n\nCanada, along with other countries that have weaker currencies, offer USD accounts. However, it is not the same the other way around. Due to the US being the leading currency, it is uncommon to come across a foreign currency account that allows for direct deposits."}
{"898": "\n\nOn my investment-oriented blog, I delve into a topic that has worked well for me and is logical. In my opinion, the ultimate investment is sticking to the entrepreneurial path. Nevertheless, it is essential to have a defined strategy and plan of action for concluding the business. Speaking from my own experience, I find immense joy in writing about personal experiences related to finances, life, and other aspects that affect our existence. Discover something that ignites your passion and make a profession out of it. You will never experience workdays because you will love what you do."}
{"899": "\n\nRevised: The equation is quite straightforward. Let's set aside the stress and restrictions that typically accompany a \"lease,\" and consider the following assumptions. In three years of driving this new car, it becomes clear to me that leasing a car is an illogical choice. Even individuals with lower incomes who require a car would find purchasing a pre-owned, reliable vehicle to be a more practical option. Leasing a car is simply a ploy to impress others, and unfortunately, it can be a temptation for naive or foolish teenagers."}
{"900": "\n\nIn an investor's guide to Interest Rate Options, the CBOE indicates that the option contracts' underlying values are 10 times the corresponding Treasury yields. These yields vary depending on the specific option: the 13-week T-bill yield for IRX, the 5-year T-note yield for FVX, the 10-year T-note yield for TNX, and the 30-year T-bond yield for TYX. While the Yahoo! rate provides the actual Treasury yield, the Google Finance and CBOE rates reflect the 10 times value. It is unlikely that there is a specific advantage to being contrary; any discrepancies are likely due to errors or differences in methodology."}
{"901": "\n\nI own an American Airlines VISA that accrues miles, and while there is technically an annual fee, I always request that they waive it. It's worth noting that they have never denied my request, so it's worth a shot."}
{"902": "\n\nManagerial accounting is primarily utilized by individuals within a company or organization. Reports can be generated for any time period, such as daily, weekly, or monthly. These reports are future-oriented and forecast the value for those within the company. On the other hand, financial accounting is primarily used by individuals outside of a company or organization. Financial reports are generated for set periods of time, such as a fiscal year or period, and are historically factual with predictive value for those who wish to make financial decisions or investments in the company.\n\nAt my university, managerial accounting focused on managing costs within a company, forecasting for the future of the business, and other relevant details, whereas financial accounting was approached from the perspective of a financial analyst or investor. The financial accounting course material included analysis of financial statements and the associated investment decisions, among other topics. These areas do overlap in certain areas such as the production of financial statements, which must also take into account how analysts will interpret them, as well as considerations such as dividend policy and corporate tax accounting. \n\nPlease note that my knowledge of these course structures is based on my introductory accounting course at university, and there may be more similarities and differences of which I am not aware. Additionally, forensic accountants, auditors, and others may work in both of these areas as well as other related areas. For more information, the Wikipedia articles on managerial and financial accounting may be helpful."}
{"903": "\n\nSummary: Previously, there were differences in fees between account types, but now they are the same. If you have a personal account, you can upgrade it to premier for additional features. \nLonger answer: In the past, PayPal charged fees for payments made to premier or business accounts, while personal accounts had limitations on receiving payments but did not pay fees. However, PayPal changed this policy around 2011 to ensure person-to-person payments were free (except for credit card charges), while merchants were charged for receiving payments. This change decoupled payment types from account types, so now any account can receive both person-to-person and payment-for-goods-or-services transactions, with the former not incurring fees and the latter incurring fees, regardless of the account type."}
{"904": "\n\nWikipedia provides a comprehensive list of currencies that employ 1/100th division, referred to either as \"cents\" or a similar term in local languages. This nomenclature finds its roots in the Latin language, where \"cent\" translates to \"100.\" The list also includes currencies that do not use this term, which mostly comprises countries with older currency units created before the adoption of the decimal system, such as the British \"pence\" or the Russian \"kopek.\" It is essential to understand that \"dollar\" and \"cent\" are not interdependent, and several other currencies that are not referred to as \"dollars\" apply the cent division, such as the Euro. What is crucial to note is that almost all modern currencies divide into 1/100th."}
{"905": "\n\nThere are multiple methods for calculating returns, and each method may result in different percentage values. However, one straightforward way to calculate returns is by counting the cash. For instance, let's say you started with $977 and ended up with $1,370, which indicates a profit of $363. But what about the percentage return? One approach is to assume that you invested $1 in a fund. To determine the value of the fund at the beginning and the end, you need to consider the cash and share values. \n\nHowever, in your example, there is a complication. You added new capital to the fund, which can distort the return. Initially, you invested $977, which increased to $1,473 in the second period. Later, you sold off 200 shares for $950, which left you with $1,473 split between $950 in cash and $523 in shares. At this point, you can easily calculate the return as (1,473 / 977 - 1 = 50.8%). \n\nNext, you bought shares worth $981, but you only had $950 in cash. Two scenarios arise. Either you or someone else injected $31 into the fund. If you already had the cash in the fund, then your initial investment was $1,008 instead of $977 (977 in shares and $31 in cash). At the end, the value of the fund was $1,370, which means your return was 1,370 / 1,007 = 36%. However, if an outsider injected the $31, you need to recalculate the ownership of the fund. Before the injection, the fund was worth $950 in cash and $387 in stock, which equals $1,339. After the injection, the value of the fund increased to $1,370. Thus, the ownership of the fund is split: 97.8% for the old capital and 2.2% for the new capital. If the value of the fund changes, you can compute the return for each investor based on their share of the fund's worth relative to their investment. \n\nSuppose you injected the $31; you need to calculate the weight of each share of capital in each period to calculate the return for each period and obtain the total return. In this case, the return is 37.2% for the original investment, but it becomes even more complex for each new capital injection."}
{"906": "\n\nIt's important to note that investing solely in safe assets may actually pose higher risks than investing in stocks over the long-term. Historically, stocks have consistently outperformed nearly all other asset categories and are a sound investment choice that is largely resistant to inflation. It's worth noting that even currencies aren't entirely safe as they are vulnerable to fluctuations due to inflation and exchange rates, just like other investments."}
{"907": "\n\nHealth insurance costs can vary significantly depending on the state, plan, and provider. Nevertheless, it is essential to research and compare these costs to have an idea of the expenses you would incur if you had to purchase insurance on your own. In addition, when considering employment offers, keep in mind the vacation time provided, particularly in contract or compensation-only positions where such benefits may not be offered. For instance, the prospect of having no vacation time may elevate the worth of an equivalent package that includes, say, 10 or 15 days off annually. It's also worthwhile to determine whether a compensation-only position offers overtime, and whether that has to be approved. Similarly, it's necessary to confirm whether a salaried position that includes benefits will demand more than a standard 40-hour workweek. If doing the latter, it's a good idea to seek the opinion of others who work for that company. While an offer that compensates for overtime may seem more appealing, it could be less desirable if it does not include paid time off."}
{"908": "\n\nCEOs receive compensation in the form of stocks and options, in addition to their salary. These rewards mainly consist of stocks and options. Although they may be seen driving luxury cars, they do not necessarily own these cars, houses or other assets. Rather, they exercise control over them, which is almost as good. These assets may be leased or time-shared, while some may be owned by the company and provided as a benefit. There are four primary ways to earn a million: being employed, self-employment, sole proprietorship, or investing. Starting a business is the quickest way to achieve this feat, while being employed or self-employed is the slowest. Investing falls somewhere in the middle. To learn more about the subject, it is advisable to refer to Rich Dad's Cashflow Quadrants."}
{"909": "\n\nAlthough it may seem like a good way to manage long-term cumulative interest, there are some important things to consider when maxing out credit cards. A major downside is that it can severely harm your credit rating, and you may stop receiving reasonable credit offers altogether. Even with a high income, it is easy to overshoot the 8 months allotted to pay off the balance, resulting in a high interest rate due to the low credit rating. Additionally, maxing out your credit cards can cause lenders to cut your limits or demand early payment, which can be financially disastrous. Even once you reach month 6, your payment obligations may suddenly skyrocket, putting you at greater risk of missing a payment and further damaging your credit score. Ultimately, the potential risks of decimating your financial structure outweigh any benefits. Instead, if you are confident in your ability to pay off $4,000 in 8 months, it is wiser to apply those payments directly to your student loans, eliminating the middleman. This will also benefit your credit score by reducing your total liabilities and keeping your utilization rate low, increasing your chances of being offered more credit at lower rates. A good rule of thumb is to maintain a credit utilization rate of 10%, making it wise to use that portion to repay your student loans. Building up your credit score will provide a cushion for financial emergencies and allow you to finance a larger home with lower mortgage interest rates."}
{"910": "\n\nTo the best of my knowledge, the specific location is often diversified out of the fund. This is because major building or real estate companies attempt to spread the risk by investing in multiple geographic locations. Furthermore, buyers of smaller portfolios may create larger funds which are sold to the general public in order to further diversify. However, it is possible to identify the specific assets held by a real estate fund, although this requires considerable effort. Another way to determine the geographic focus of a fund is to examine the issuer of the bonds issued by the construction or real estate company. I hope this information is helpful."}
{"911": "\n\nIf you believe that the housing market is correlated with major stock indices, you can hedge against the depreciation of your house price. To do this, consult a commodities broker who can guide you in purchasing puts on stock indices. This will offer some form of protection if housing prices decrease. For instance, if weak economic conditions cause house prices to plummet by 30%, stocks will likely also experience a 30% drop. With adequate exposure to puts compared to your house's value, you can safeguard your investment. Additionally, consider buying 30-year bond calls for interest rate lock if you have a variable interest rate. Investors such as Warren Buffet and Carl Icahn have protected themselves by taking these measures in anticipation of a potential market downturn. However, it is essential to seek advice from a full-time commodity broker, not discount brokers or online trading platforms like E-Trade. A local commodity broker can provide you with detailed advice personalized to your needs."}
{"912": "\n\nCertain builders will proactively fix problems at no charge to homeowners if they are informed of the problem before a bill is presented. This demonstrates good faith, and my own home was built by such a builder. If I am capable of identifying and resolving a problem myself, then I will pay for it out of my own pocket. However, if it's beyond my expertise, I'll reach out to the builder or subcontractor for assistance, and I am willing to pay for any diagnoses or repairs if necessary. I contact my preferred plumber for plumbing issues, and although I pay for their work, there have been two instances where their repairs were unsuccessful, and the builder or subcontractor fixed the problem at no additional cost to me due to installation or testing errors related to building inspections.\n\nRegarding the diagnosis and repair work you described, I had a similar experience with my builder's subcontractor replacing prematurely damaged shingles on my roof that prevented a leak caused by a tree that couldn't be trimmed back due to the building permit. It appears to be a recurring issue. In my opinion, the alleged problem with the roof pitch is a design flaw that should have been evident during house design, and it will likely require correction within your remodeling budget. Without further details, it's doubtful that the builder or homeowners' insurance company is liable for it. Some builders may try to minimize their warranty work to save money, but I'm not sure what kind of builder you have. Your lawyer can inform you if statutes of limitations apply, and starting a lawsuit could ruin your relationship with your builder.\n\nLastly, many homeowners' insurance companies use a cumulative number of claims made historically at each property address to set rates, regardless of which company or homeowner filed them. I'm unsure if claims older than a certain number of years or the first claim are ignored by any insurance companies."}
{"913": "\n\nThe following is based on my years of experience with Experian credit scoring in the UK. Please note that there may be some differences in your case due to your location, but the following should provide some general guidelines. Currently, my credit score is 999, the highest possible, and I have 6 credit cards.\n\nWhile having many active credit accounts can be seen as negative, having many settled accounts should have a positive effect on your credit score. As long as you keep your accounts settled, having another card should not be detrimental and can be beneficial over time. However, having a large total credit balance outstanding may count against you, unless your total outstanding debt on all credit accounts is a smaller proportion of your total available credit. This means that having more cards for the same amount of credit used, is overall beneficial. More cards also reduce the percentage of outstanding credit as a proportion of your total available credit, indicating lower risk to lenders.\n\nBased on my experience, the higher the highest credit limit on a single card you have, while managing it responsibly, the better. Late payments count against you, so setting up a direct debit for the minimum amount every month can help. Lenders favour consistent payers. \n\nNew credit accounts initially count against you, but as they age and are managed responsibly, they eventually count in your favour and increase your score. However, making many credit applications in a short space of time may count against you as you may be seen as credit reliant.\n\nOverall, getting another card is recommended for more flexibility and options. Even though your credit score might decrease slightly for a couple of months, it will eventually increase based on the above guidelines. Having more cards available means you can choose the cheapest lender for any outstanding debts you have. In the UK, credit card companies offer \"interest-free\" or 0% \"balance transfer\" offers that can be quite cheap credit. However, remember to avoid pitfalls such as missing payments, using cards specifically for balance transfers, and paying off balances as cheaply as possible."}
{"914": "\n\nDo you know if your employer follows standard withholding procedures? If so, you can determine which tax bracket you fall into after all normal deductions have been considered. For example, if this puts you in the 25% bracket, then your estimated tax would be the result of multiplying your freelance income, minus business expenses, by 25%, with the caveat that this might change if your income pushes you into another bracket. Additionally, for incomes between $90,000 and $118,500, you need to account for approximately 12-13% of Social Security/Medicare contributions. Filling out Form 1040SSE can give you a better estimate, but there's also a \"safe harbor\" provision. This provision means that if you pay as much in estimated tax as you did the previous year, you won't be penalized. Personally, I've always used a method of dividing last year's tax by four due to the fluctuation of my income and the complexity of the 1040-ES worksheets in determining an accurate estimated tax."}
{"915": "\n\nYour retirement plan should be designed to last your entire lifetime and not be dependent on your employment status. Make sure to contribute the maximum amount allowed to your 401(k) so you can take advantage of your employer's matching program (earning a 100% return on your investment!) and also contribute as much as possible based on your financial situation. Once you retire, consider rolling over your 401(k) into an IRA account, which can be created through online brokerage firms like Schwab, E-Trade, or Sharebuilder, or through brick-and-mortar firms like JP Morgan and Stifel Nicolaus. Start by determining how much money you need each month for expenses, accounting for inflation and estimating the amount you'll need at the age you plan to retire. Calculate how much money you'll need in savings in order for 4.5% of that money to cover your annual living expenses, and aim to reach that target amount. Rule #1 is to invest early and invest often, as early investment has more time to grow. If you don't feel comfortable managing your investments, consider a Targeted Retirement Fund which allocates your assets appropriately based on the time left till retirement."}
{"916": "\n\nFinancial emergencies can manifest in various ways, such as hefty medical expenses, losing employment, being sued, or incurring significant vehicle or home repairs, among others. While some individuals may have a slim probability of facing financial emergencies, such as those who live in nations with comprehensive health plans, reside with their parents who can handle home repairs or transportation, and do not own a car, others may have likely scenarios where they could require an emergency fund. In my case, I find it essential to establish an emergency fund since I support my children's college education. If I lose my employment, unemployment benefits might not suffice to support their education. Additionally, my subpar health insurance could lead to substantial medical bills, and my aging car might need costly repairs or require replacement. I might even find myself charged with a crime falsely and require legal representation. Since everyone's situation is different, unforeseen events can transpire, and it is impossible to list every unforeseeable problem. Therefore, it is crucial to always have an emergency fund, regardless of how safe one thinks they are. It is challenging to determine how much to save, but it is always better to have a cushion for just in case moments."}
{"917": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIf we decide to rent it out, we cannot just charge what we pay for our mortgage, as we would definitely lose money if we did that. However, I think you overlooked one important factor - your profit or loss is not just based on the monthly rental income. Your profit also takes into account the property value after the mortgage is paid off. Even if you need to invest an additional $100 each month because the rent is lower than the mortgage, maintenance, and taxes, in 30 years, the property could be worth $200k while you only paid $36k ($100/month for 30 years). Therefore, you can still make a profit in the long run by renting it out even if the rental income doesn't cover all your expenses."}
{"918": "\n\nAs a self-employed individual, your \"profit\" is calculated by subtracting all business-related costs from the bills you send out. It is crucial to keep receipts for all expenses, especially for items that are expected to last a long time, such as tools and machinery.\n\nYou have the option to file your own taxes using the HRS website, which provides step-by-step instructions for online filing. However, you must ensure that you have all necessary receipts available for the expenses you claim.\n\nWhen determining tax payments, if your gross salary is \u00a325,000 and your profits are approximately \u00a310,000, you will pay 8% for national insurance and 20% for income tax. If your earnings exceed \u00a343,000, you will pay 40% income tax on any income above that threshold, but your national insurance payments will cease."}
{"919": "\n\nPrinting money does not contribute to an increase in wealth; it only serves to devalue the existing amount. Consequently, individuals must spend more money to purchase goods from other countries. Additionally, the act of printing money results in overinflation, which has its own set of issues that must be addressed, such as:"}
{"920": "\n\nTo answer your first question, please refer to PayPal's terms of service. However, based on personal experience, it is possible for multiple personal PayPal accounts to be linked to the same address. When you receive payments, the sender will only see your full name, the transaction amount, and the transaction ID. If you have a business account, your account name will be replaced with your company name, but your mailing address will remain private. In terms of transaction history, PayPal offers an export option. Additionally, if your transaction volume exceeds $20,000 across 200 or more transactions, PayPal will issue a 1099-K form. Keep in mind that payment method affects transaction speed, with bank transfers being instant and cards having a settlement delay. PayPal also provides buyer protection, so it is important to maintain detailed records of your work as evidence if a payment dispute arises. Disputes can be initiated up to 45 days after the transaction date, while chargebacks can occur 120 days after depending on the card network used."}
{"921": "\n\nThe statement she made is incorrect. If an IRA is traditional (i.e., pre-tax), all withdrawals are taxed at the individual's marginal rate, which means a large sum could push her into higher tax brackets. Had she kept the funds in the account, she could have taken smaller withdrawals and minimized the tax impact. After withdrawing all funds and gifting them to you, no gift tax is required. However, a form 709 must be submitted, and it will count towards her $5.5M lifetime estate exemption. It is frustrating when individuals delve into the realm of finance without sufficient knowledge, much like malpractice by lawyers."}
{"922": "\n\nThe investment underlying your mortgage is typically relatively separate from your specific mortgage, as it consists of a package of mortgages, not just yours. This operates in a similar manner to a fund. When you refinance and pay off your previous mortgage, the fund obtains the remaining debt in cash, which can then be used to acquire new mortgages."}
{"923": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt's worth noting that while you're not required to write the date received on the back of a check, it can be a helpful precaution. For instance, if a customer who owes you money sends a check that's postdated for the due date but arrives well past it, having a record of when you received the check can be useful in the future. When you deposit or cash a check, an image of the front and back is created and stored by the bank, and this can include any notes you add to the back of the check. So, write the date received next to your endorsement, endorse the check, and take a photo of both sides along with the envelope's postmark to document the customer's tardiness. This way, if there's ever confusion or a dispute down the line, you'll be able to easily demonstrate the pattern of late payment. While this may seem like a lot of effort for a rare scenario, it's a precaution that can prove invaluable in protecting your business. I've found it helpful to do this a few times over the past 20 years, particularly with customers who are habitually late, and in one instance, it proved to be a huge advantage when I needed to provide evidence of repeated poor payment practices."}
{"924": "\n\nYou're looking for a transaction without cash involved, which is a standard procedure. My employer grants me 1000 worth of shares at $1 each, and I don't have to pay for them upfront. The buying and selling of shares happen in a single transaction set, and if the stock is valued at $10, I receive a payment of $9000 minus tax withholding directly into my account. I don't have to come up with the $1000 myself."}
{"925": "\n\nI have been working in freelancing and internet business for 15 years, with 20 years of IT experience. Currently, I utilize freelance websites to hire affordable Asian employees, with only occasional use of workers from EU/USA. However, I only seek local employees if qualified staff are overpriced due to heavy competition. Until recently, I worked as a freelancer and sole proprietor with limited success, primarily due to strong Asian competition that I hire. However, I founded a limited corporation, which has proven more successful. Freelancing became unsustainable as a primary income source for me in 2006 due to heavy Asian competition that saturated the industry. For those lacking references, consider working for a limited time at a reduced fee to establish references, then establish your web identity as either a freelancer or corporation. Be sure to retain your satisfied customers as they could potentially bring in 10 new ones, which could translate into 2 new customers, and so on. Keep in mind that my advice is based solely on my niche experience as a European citizen, and situations may differ elsewhere."}
{"926": "\n\nRevised: The issuance of bonus shares also enhances liquidity; however, there are differences in their treatment. For instance, let's assume a company has 100 shares worth $10 each, which capitalizes to $1000. Assuming the company is performing well, its shares are now trading at $100 each in the market. If the company earned a profit of $1000, this sum would also factor in the share price of $100. If the company chose to retain this profit as Cash Reserve without distributing it as dividends, in a share split, such as (1:1), the book value of each share would decrease to $5, and the number of shares would increase to 200, while the share capital would remain at $1000. Consequently, the market value of shares would drop to $50 each. Alternatively, in a Bonus share issue, such as (1:1), the $1000 funds would be transferred from Cash Reserve to share capital, the book value of each share would remain at $10, the number of shares would increase to 200, and the share capital would increase to $2000. As a result, the market value of shares would decrease to $50 each. Both options have comparable benefits regarding liquidity. However, why some companies choose bonus shares over a split varies for several reasons. Firstly, a split cannot be done beyond a certain point, for instance, $10 could be split into $1 each, but it does not make sense to make it $0.50 or lower. Secondly, when there is adequate cash reserve, companies may want to convert it into shareholders' capital to improve some of the health ratios for the company. Finally, companies may use bonus shares to entice investors with the idea of receiving something free."}
{"927": "\n\nBased on your description, you won't be double-taxed. Partners are usually taxed on distributions, which are considered as income. However, your gain in the partnership is not income. You invested some money in the partnership, and you need to pay tax on that amount, but not on the gain. The tax question is whether you're being double-taxed in another way. The text doesn't explain how you invested, but the options are a payroll deduction or another payment. If it was a payroll deduction, you've already paid taxes via your W2. If you received a 1099, it suggests it was not a payroll deduction, but you should double-check. \n\nRegarding the discrepancy in the numbers, your shares in the partnership likely transacted before the partnership valuation, affecting the gain. For example, if the partnership was worth $1000 with 100 outstanding shares, and you put up $1000 and got 100 shares, the partnership would then be worth $2000 with 200 outstanding shares. If it's then valued at $3000, your gain is $1500. If the valuation went down, your gain would be less than your initial investment. If your shares transacted immediately after the valuation, your gain and cost would be the same. Double-check if your shares transacted after the valuation, and if so, there needs to be an explanation for the difference in your gain. \n\nFinally, the gain boxes on your K1 track your capital basis in case the partnership sells. You'll get some money from the sale which will be taxed; how much depends on what you received versus what the company was worth, and whether your gain was long or short-term. Read up more on partnerships and K1, not just the IRS publications, which can be dense and difficult to understand. Good luck, and congratulations!"}
{"928": "\n\nRevised:\n\nRegrettably, it is mandatory for you to file taxes, but many states have mutual agreements with their neighboring states that prevent double taxation of individuals. Since this is your first tax return in your current circumstances, it may be sensible to seek assistance from a professional for this year's filing, which can then be used as a reference for next year. Furthermore, I am eager to see someone contest this inter-state taxation in court, as it appears to be an unconstitutional tariff or duty, which states are prohibited from imposing according to the constitution."}
{"929": "\n\nYour business needs to generate revenue in order to qualify for expense deductions. In some cases, if your expenses exceed your revenue, you may not be able to claim a net deduction, and may even owe taxes on your revenue. However, this can be resolved by deducting a smaller amount of expenses, allowing for a small profit. For more information, including guidelines on \"expectation of profit,\" refer to the CRA website. This rule typically applies to businesses that claim expenses for luxurious items, such as exotic vacations. If you sell items on platforms like Etsy, you may not have many expenses beyond the cost of materials. It's unlikely that you'll be taxed on revenue if you consistently sell products at a higher price than the cost of production."}
{"930": "\n\nRevised: Various events may occur, either in their entirety or partially. For instance, following precedents set by Russia and Argentina, it might be impossible to withdraw funds from your bank for a certain time period. This is not attributable to your accounts being depleted, but rather to a restrict in the cash supply, as was the case in Cyprus not long ago. Nevertheless, this does not imply that the US government will use the same measures, but might resort to different forms of restraint. What is certain, however, is that no favorable outcome will emerge. Though your bank balance may remain intact (though recent events in Cyprus suggest otherwise), it is unclear whether FDIC insurance will be upheld in the event of a bank default, which may occur as a result of a ripple effect and lead to financial loss. If the government defaults, it may lack the resources to handle bank deposits. The aftermath of default would involve a significant decline in the value of the currency, resulting in inflation and hence a diminished value of your balance. In sum, there are potential concerns for everyone to consider."}
{"931": "\n\nConsider moving your Roth IRA from Edward Jones, which will charge you a considerable percentage of your savings (around 1% in fees). Instead, opt for a discount broker like Scottrade, Ameritrade, Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab or E-Trade, which will most likely offer you free accounts. You don't want to give away your savings away year after year when you can save them for yourself. Edward Jones may seem appropriate for individuals who lack knowledge about personal finance and are willing to pay more. You can move your money by requesting the new broker to transfer it out of Edward Jones. Do not attempt to do it yourself. Continue making contributions to your Roth before your tax bracket increases. Saving on taxes is essential to mastering financial wisdom. You can withdraw from your Roth contributions (but not gains) without penalty. When your tax bracket increases, consider investing in traditional IRAs to ease your current tax burden. For more savings options, consider opening a regular brokerage account and invest in diversified, low-cost funds with minimum expense ratios. Don't invest in funds where the 12b-1 fee is prominent. Opt to purchase low-cost index funds from Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab or similar competitors as they offer instant diversification, instead of gambling with mutual funds. The Bogleheads forum offers more comprehensive advice on suggested investment strategies like the lazy portfolios, which are more specific. Smartly buy and sell your investments in a tax-smart way to benefit your tax returns. Sell your poor-performing stocks at the end of the year and use the loss as a tax write-off. Rebalance to a more practical portfolio. Alternatively, sell your winners at a low tax-rate when your tax bracket is very low. Attempt to hold on to assets for over a year to benefit from long-term capital gains instead of short-term ones. Once you have several million dollars, then you can consider investing in individual investments instead of funds. With a non-tax-advantaged account, owning assets directly may benefit you by writing off losses against your taxes. However, transaction costs of maintaining portfolios are still higher than fees charged by cheap mutual or index funds."}
{"932": "\n\nI am not relying on Super or Pension; instead, I am working on self-funding my retirement. My approach involves working in Sydney and purchasing a property there (which I did six years ago). I intend to benefit from Sydney's insane growth and allow my property to appreciate. In the past six years, my property has appreciated by 76%, even during an economic downturn. As soon as the equity in the property reaches a certain point, I will invest in additional properties on an interest-only home loan and rent them out. I plan to build a diverse property portfolio as quickly as possible.\n\nOnce I decide to retire, I will sell off the investment properties and purchase a residence outside of Sydney where the cost of living is more affordable. By then, my original property will be paid off, and I will be able to rent it out for additional income to support me in retirement. I am considering selling the property I lived in and using the proceeds to pay off one of the investment properties to avoid capital gains tax. This idea occurred to me last night."}
{"933": "\n\nRevised: As you have not signed a contract, you are only an authorized contact and you have nothing to worry about. Your credit reference can only be affected if you are a signed party on the contract. However, there is a possibility that your details may assist the business in contacting your employer to chase the debt, especially if you are a family member or friend of the business owner. Were you contacted by phone about the debt? To ensure peace of mind, you could write to request that they do not contact you by phone or in writing regarding the debt, and that you are not liable for the debt in any way. Additionally, request that your contact details be put beyond use. Be assertive and use strong language, insisting that they comply with your requests. State that you have the option to take further action, but without commitment to a specific course of action. These steps should be sufficient to prevent further contact."}
{"934": "\n\nInstitutional investors and mutual funds are the ones who engage in securities lending. The expenses involved in managing large numbers of individual investors, small share blocks, and potential complications associated with each investor outweigh the benefits. Securities lending falls under the category of complex financial transactions; if you are unfamiliar with it, it is likely not within your expertise."}
{"935": "\n\nThe revised text: The amount would be calculated as 0.22 multiplied by Rs 5 per share, which equals Rs 1.1 per share. For 1000 shares, the total amount would be Rs 1.1 multiplied by 1000, which equals 1100."}
{"936": "\n\nThe necessary coverage for your situation will depend on a variety of factors which are not clear from the question posed. While the coverage for vacant homes is typically referred to as \"Vacant home insurance,\" not all insurance companies are willing to offer this coverage. In New York, it is also possible for standard homeowners' coverage to be legally discontinued by insurers if they become aware that the property has been vacant for 30 days or more. \n\nInsurance companies are often concerned about the risks of break-ins, squatters, and vandalism in vacant properties, leading to an exclusion clause for such properties in standard homeowners' policies. Companies use risk models to calculate the estimated risks related to vacant properties, making seasonal vacation homes in sparsely populated areas a lower risk than family homes in urban areas. If the estimated risk is low, some insurance companies may allow homeowners to buy back the exclusion and include coverage for vacant properties. \n\nTo insure your vacant property, you will need to find a company willing to accept the additional risk associated with a vacant home. Farmer's and Castle Rock are two companies known for offering coverage for vacant homes, although many insurance agencies are middlemen that utilize one of these companies to provide coverage. Since vacant property coverage is specialized, it's important to understand the policy details and any differences from standard policies. \n\nWays to reduce the cost of additional coverage include using security systems, installing temperature-monitoring sensors, and hiring traditional house-sitters to prevent break-ins, plumbing issues, or other problems that may occur in an unoccupied property. If possible, it may also be beneficial to find someone trustworthy like a friend or relative to occupy the property rent-free, ensuring the property remains in pristine condition for potential buyers. For specific questions or advice related to your unique situation, consider consulting with an independent insurance broker. \n\nBest of luck obtaining coverage for your vacant property and quickly selling it."}
{"937": "\n\nThrough a margin account, trading or transferring unsettled funds is possible. However, there are strict regulations in place that originate from the Federal Reserve, extend to FINRA, and trickle down further. On the other hand, a cash account does not allow for this type of activity. As time is crucial, obtaining approval for a margin account can happen almost instantaneously."}
{"938": "\n\nPlease refer to the FX section in the quantitative finance SE data wiki."}
{"939": "\n\nRevised: Using Google Sheets, you can effortlessly create a spreadsheet to monitor your desired information. The platform comes equipped with a 'googlefinance()' function that allows you to search for the same prices and data you would enter and track in a Google Finance portfolio. However, with Google Sheets, you have the freedom to tailor the data to meet your specific needs. For instance, you can monitor your purchase price at a fixed exchange rate, track the current market value by multiplying the stock's price by the floating exchange rate, and finally, capture your realized profit and loss using yet another fixed exchange rate. The beauty of the platform is you don't even have to keep track of the rates; the googlefinance() function can easily retrieve prices as of a specific date. Access your Google Sheet from your Android device or any web browser."}
{"940": "\n\nHave you confirmed that you are using the same date range? If you are using Max, then ^FTMC goes back to 12/1/1985, whereas ^GDAXI only goes back to 11/1/1990. However, if you enter a custom date range of 11/1/1990 through 10/24/2015, the charts will look identical, except for the different labels on the x-axis. Unfortunately, the URLs of the charts cannot be added because the comparison symbol is not included in Yahoo!'s URLs. Nevertheless, it is simple to construct the URLs by using the Comparison button and the calendar button to set the date range. Regarding your PS, I am not entirely sure because even when the date ranges were identical, the labels chosen were different, although at least it did not scale different dates differently. It is possible that it is selecting dates based on the amount of data available for the primary symbol, which could be different in the two cases."}
{"941": "\n\nNo, there isn't any compelling reason to invest in these bonds as an individual investor. Although institutions may have their own reasons to buy them, you may be better off placing your money in a low-yield savings account. However, in a scenario where you want to invest in a low-yield product, holding a low-yield bond may be a practical option."}
{"942": "\n\nTo determine the maximum amount you can borrow for a car loan, start by approaching your current bank or credit union. They can provide loan options based on your income and credit history, and you can decide if the terms work for you. However, be cautious when getting loan estimates, as they may offer more than you can afford or have longer terms, which can put you upside down on the loan. Use these estimates as a data point when looking at other lenders, but avoid auto dealers who may pressure you on both the loan and car price. \n\nOne interesting option is SunTrust, which offers an unsecured auto loan with rates as low as 2.19%-4.24% for a 24-36 month loan of $10,000-$24,999 for a used car purchased from a dealer. However, you need excellent credit to qualify. While most loans for a specific amount and term have lower rates if secured with collateral, SunTrust\u2019s unsecured loan is an exception. The major advantage is getting cash before you buy, making negotiations with the dealer easier. Bear in mind, however, that SunTrust may ultimately require proof of purchase using the loan proceeds.\n\nFor debt consolidation loans, SunTrust\u2019s rates range from 5.49%-11.24%, with the lowest rates only available to those with excellent credit. It\u2019s possible that if your credit isn\u2019t excellent, your rate could rise quickly. Still, a rate of 4.24% for the worst auto loan is lower than the 5.49% for the best debt consolidation loan.\n\nNote that LightStream, which offers SunTrust\u2019s unsecured auto loan, believes there is no single definition for \u201cexcellent credit,\u201d but individuals with excellent credit usually share certain characteristics. Regardless, each individual\u2019s situation is different and determines creditworthiness.\n\nAll rates mentioned in this text are accurate as of July 15, 2017."}
{"943": "\n\nIronically, I have found that some of the worst financial advice comes from individuals in banking. However, among the top dozen members in this field, you can trust that they will offer more valuable advice than the average banker. To improve your score, it is not necessary to maintain a balance, but rather to use your card(s) regularly. You should avoid carrying charges from month to month and paying unnecessary interest. Aim to keep the bill reflecting a utilization rate of only 1-9%. I recommend using Credit Karma to review how these factors affect your score. FICO scoring prioritizes a large number of accounts, low utilization, high average account age, low number of inquiries, and no late payments. With Credit Karma, you can simulate your score and see how it changes based on these variables."}
{"944": "\n\nRevised: If I work from home but do not qualify for a business use of home deduction, I may wonder if I can deduct trips to a client's location. According to IRS regulations, I cannot deduct trips to my main business location or client's location if I routinely work on-site there. However, I can deduct trips to a client's location on occasion while doing my routine work at home. The deduction of the home usage itself is not relevant, but my home must still qualify as a principal place of business, as detailed in IRS publication 587. The guidelines for deductibility include exclusive and regular use for administrative or management activities of my trade or business, with no other fixed location for substantial administrative or management activities. The deduction is limited to the actual distance between clients, and personal stopovers do not count. It may be possible to argue that time gaps between clients are not personal reasons, but facts and circumstances will determine the IRS interpretation. As these deductions are considered red flags for audits, it is advisable to consult a licensed tax adviser who can clarify the rules, substantiate the business use of my car, and advise on the complexities. It is possible for a home to qualify as a principal place of business for car expenses but not for the home office deduction, as exclusivity is not a mandatory requirement, but managing from home regularly is."}
{"945": "\n\nInvestment portfolios comprise multiple factors beyond just diversification, such as risk tolerance, liquidity, local regulations, tax benefits, convenience, and transaction costs. Investing in foreign regions carries FX and additional risks, depending on the investment location. For example, investing in Emerging Markets poses a threat of changing local regulations, higher taxes, political instability, and other risks. Investing in local markets enables you to gain a better understanding of such changes and minimizes risks, as well as being cost-effective and transaction-efficient. Diversification in investment should also involve careful consideration of how much to allocate to equities, debt, bullion, and real estate. Once you have invested in sizable amounts of equity or debt, diversification via funds from other regions makes more sense. Unless running a business, it is advisable to invest in your line of business if it performs well, as stock returns typically exceed salary increases or bonuses. For instance, as an Information Technology professional, I invest in all leading IT companies as their return on investment has been favorable."}
{"946": "\n\nRevised: If you haven't opted for any of the choices offered in the Flexible Benefit Plan, then all your income will be taxed. Inquire about \"Retirals,\" as this policy may vary from organization to organization. Some may pay it out yearly, while others will only give it on completion of a particular period when leaving the company. Deduct 47K from 7 lacs to get a gross income of approximately 653,000. The total tax payable for this amount is around 53,000, which leaves you with a net income of around 600,000 per year. Additionally, an individual contribution of 12% of basic towards PF is around 33,600. Therefore, the net yearly income after deductions is approximately 567,225, leaving you with a take-home pay of around 47,268. If you make use of items 3,6,7,8 amounting to around 62,400, you can save tax amounting to approximately 13,000. Consequently, your take-home pay will increase by around 1,080."}
{"947": "\n\nPeople often hold onto precious metals as protection against a complete breakdown of the financial and government systems, such as massive inflation or lawlessness. In the event of a return to a barter economy, owning silver could prove advantageous. However, precious metals do not provide much protection against individual calamities, such as job loss. They are expensive and inconvenient to sell, and their value can fluctuate unpredictably, leading to a situation where you may be forced to sell when the metal has little worth. While it is not unreasonable to hold some precious metal, it should not make up a significant portion of your net worth. \n\nFor those looking to protect against common issues, especially those with limited means, building an emergency savings account and paying off debt offer better protection. Reducing fixed costs will minimize the risk of an unfortunate event turning into a personal catastrophe."}
{"948": "\n\nGoogle plans to issue Class C shares, identified as GOOCV, to existing GOOG holders at the beginning of April. Subsequently, the two shares will trade under different symbols, with the Class C shares trading as GOOG. This move was announced on January 30th, and the Benzinga article has the complete details, including projected trading timelines. Class C shares will start trading on March 27 as GOOCV for a limited period on a when issued basis, while the Class A shares will continue trading as GOOG, entitlement to Class C shares intact. The ex-distribution Class A shares will trade as GOOAV without entitlement to Class C shares. The ticket symbols will change for both shares on April 3, with the Class A shares trading as GOOGL and the Class C shares as GOOG, starting regular trading. The ticker for the Class A shares on ex-distribution (GOOAV) will be suspended."}
{"949": "\n\nI work in the financial sector with over 10 years of experience. Coming from a working-class family, I have developed a priority list for investments. It's common to see recommendations for trading individual stocks on this platform, but I strongly advise against it for several reasons. Chances are, you will underestimate the risks involved, lose valuable time at your job, face unnecessary stress, and fail to outperform a passive index fund. In short, it's not worth it. Here are some offbeat ideas for growing your wealth: Be wary of self-serving bias in the financial industry and scrutinize advice before acting on it, including mine. Good luck!"}
{"950": "\n\nWhen you file your taxes, categorize it as an expense against your 1099 income. However, you will only be taxed on the amount left after your lawyer\u2019s fees. Note that if your legal fees exceed the compensation you receive, the loss cannot be deducted. Keep all relevant documents like the contract and the lawyer\u2019s bill for accurate reporting. Moreover, compensatory damages are usually tax-exempt. For additional details, click the link provided."}
{"951": "\n\nAs previously mentioned, the solution for trading with larger amounts is using margin. Here's how it works: You deposit, let's say, 1'000 USD with your trading company who provides you with a margin of, say, 1:100, enabling you to trade with 100'000 USD. For instance, you can purchase 5'000 shares of a stock at $20 USD, fully utilizing your limit of 100'000 USD. If the price increases to $20.50, you make a profit of 5000 x $0.50 = $2'500. However, if the stock price briefly dips to $19.80 before rising, you will experience a loss of 5000 x $0.2 = $1'000, and this may cause you to receive an email from your broker stating that your shares have been sold at $19.80 (margin call or termination notice). This is because brokers willingly grant you credit, knowing they will have no risk of loss. Although you will be charged interest on the funds you use for trading, it will only be for a few minutes. Therefore, to answer your question, you need not concern yourself with when you will receive your money back because the trading company will offer you more as long as you have a deposit left. However, it is pertinent to note that using extremely high margins offered by some brokers, such as 1:100, can be a disastrous idea, and a lower margin of 1:10 could be a safer choice."}
{"952": "\n\nThis appears to be an aggregation issue, as the Dividends and Capital Gains are often not on the same day. Yahoo's method of aggregation may be causing problems. While there is a separate page that displays Dividends and Capital Gains separately, it seems that there is a bug in aggregating this information on Yahoo's end since these funds do not give out payouts every year. Please refer to the following links for information about FBMPX: \n\n- Yahoo: http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=FBMPX&b=2&a=00&c=1987&e=17&d=01&f=2014&g=v \n- Fidelity: https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/fees-and-prices/316390681 \n- Yahoo (overview): http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/q/pr?s=FBMPX"}
{"953": "\n\nA simple solution would be to ask your broker or bank about their preferred method of online financial activity. For instance, mine uses ofx. However, when inquiring about potential reimbursement for unauthorized activity, I was informed that such coverage was not provided. It appears that banks utilizing this platform do not consider it secure enough to offer such protection."}
{"954": "\n\nI am not an expert in this field but I believe the best approach would be to reconsider the situation based on the information you currently have about the underlying company (NZT). Imagine they have not offered ADR shares, and ask yourself if you would purchase their foreign listed shares today. Additionally, think about whether you are capable of selling the foreign-listed shares immediately in case of an emergency. If you are uncertain, I suggest that it would be wise to consider selling sooner rather than later."}
{"955": "\n\nAs previously stated, a 1.5% return for 3 years is unappealing. Considering the risk profile, the stock market is also not an option. Fixed income bonds and commodities such as gold are therefore the primary alternatives. However, local bonds, whether gilt or corporate, are sensitive to and dependent on central bank interest rates. Thus, investing in overseas bonds, typically achieved through overseas gilt-based mutual funds, could be a better strategy. Gilt bonds are preferable as they are backed by the government of the foreign country, and therefore pose lower risk. To optimize returns, seek out strong fund houses that specialize in mutual funds that invest in overseas gilts, preferably those based in emerging markets, where interest rates tend to be higher. Professional fund managers adeptly manage currency fluctuations, and can generate decent returns while minimizing risk."}
{"956": "\n\nRevised: The price is determined by the matching of supply (seller) and demand (buyer) at any given time. Typically, this happens quickly and is reflected in the bid/ask spread. Various factors such as news of a new product, earnings reports in comparison to expectations, and other external influences can alter the price. Observers often attempt to explain price shifts, but sometimes fluctuations happen without any clear cause. In such cases, explanations such as \"profit taking\" or other vague concepts may be cited."}
{"957": "\n\nTake a look at WorldCap.org, a platform that provides essential information for Hong Kong stocks along with a convenient iPad app. Please note, I am associated with WorldCap."}
{"958": "\n\nAccording to the Investment Entertainment Pricing Theory (INEPT), small growth stocks have shown remarkably low returns, averaging just 2.18 percent per year since 1927. In comparison, small value stocks have averaged 17.47 percent, large growth stocks have averaged 10.06 percent, and large value stocks have averaged 13.99 percent. It's worth noting that the S&P 500 is a combination of both large-cap growth and value stocks, so this raises the question of whether this index truly qualifies as \"beating the market\" over the long term. However, it's important to note that the period between 1927-1999 may be considered long-term for most individuals."}
{"959": "\n\nYou are mixing multiple questions with assertions that may or may not be true. So, let me help you out. The reason you invest in an IRA is to save money for your retirement, and the government provides tax incentives to make an IRA an excellent option for doing so. However, withdrawing money before retirement may result in tax penalties. There is ample information available on this topic, so feel free to do some research for further details.\n\nAdditionally, investing in items with high \"intrinsic\" value, such as gold and silver, may not be the best approach to reach your retirement goals. These commodities can experience dramatic price changes, and their intrinsic value may not align with your expectations. To grow your retirement funds over a long period, you should invest in a diversified collection of investments, where precious metals should represent a small portion of your portfolio."}
{"960": "\n\nMorningstar is recognized as a reliable industry standard for rating both mutual funds and ETFs. They also provide data-centric information for individual stocks and bonds, making consulting their ratings a valuable option. Generally, established brokers offer Morningstar ratings for the products they sell. Vanguard offers both actively managed and index fund options for Emerging Markets stocks and bonds, as do other investment management companies such as Fidelity and Schwab. To compare similarities and differences among these funds, utilize Morningstar or the companies' websites. Allocating a percentage of your portfolio to non-US stocks and bonds can be done simply with a few basic index funds. This approach allows for a certain fraction of an investment allocation to be placed into both \"established\" and \"emerging\" economies at a low cost."}
{"961": "\n\nOne option for those with a HELOC is to convert the outstanding balance into a fixed-rate home equity loan offered by the same bank. This may provide the opportunity to extend the term, which can lead to lower monthly payments, but may result in higher overall costs. It's important to note that while most HELOCs allow for interest-only payments or no payments if there is unused available credit, this may not be the best choice. If struggling with high payments, it may be beneficial to switch to a fixed-rate, fixed-term loan. However, the key is to carefully consider the length of the loan term to ensure manageable principal and interest payments."}
{"962": "\n\nThe price of an ETF is determined by the market, meaning the price that a buyer is willing to pay and a seller is willing to accept. However, if the market price deviates significantly from the net asset value (NAV) of the ETF, an Authorized Participant (AP) can create or redeem shares to push the market price back towards NAV. Therefore, we can expect the price to track NAV, as long as the markets are functioning and the APs are active.\n\nWhen it comes to bond ETFs, the NAV can decrease when the market interest rate rises. For example, if the current market interest rate is 2% and an ETF invests in 10-year T-notes with a 2% coupon at par, with a market value of $100m and 1m shares worth $100 each, and the interest rate goes up to 3%, the ETF's value will decrease to $90. This is because no one wants to pay par for a bond with a lower interest rate when they can get a better rate elsewhere. If the ETF sells the old bonds and buys new 3% bonds, the fund would only have a par value of $90m instead of $100m, so the NAV remains at $90.\n\nIf the ETF holds the 2% bonds until maturity, the NAV will increase as the discount of the bonds decreases, assuming the market interest rate stays the same. However, the investor would have forgone the opportunity to invest elsewhere and earn more interest, effectively making the original share price of $90 correct."}
{"963": "\n\nIn short, Google Finance's calculation of market cap is nonstandard, and therefore, inaccurate. The correct method is to multiply the price of a company's common stock by its outstanding shares of common stock. This calculation results in approximately $13.4 billion for Whole Foods, which is consistent with Yahoo Finance and Bloomberg. The acquisition of Whole Foods is a straightforward cash compensation of $42 per share for investors. The reason behind Google Finance's incorrect market cap calculation could be due to the inclusion of the value of the company's debt in the calculation. Whole Foods has total liabilities of approximately $3 billion, which explains the discrepancy."}
{"964": "Legally, when a limited company is closed, the funds belong to the government, or \"bona vacantia.\" Companies House provides guidance on this process, which involves significant administration work. It is crucial to deal with any outstanding matters, such as closing the company's bank account and transferring domain names, before applying for dissolution. Once dissolved, all assets become the property of the Crown, including any remaining credit balance in the company's bank account. \n\nRestoring a dissolved company requires a court order unless it was administratively restored. In the latter case, a former director or member can apply to the registrar to have the company restored, provided certain conditions are met. It is advisable to seek independent legal advice when considering restoration through the court process."}
{"965": "\n\nThese are estimated yields and cannot be guaranteed. Graham Newman was particularly skilled at identifying undervalued bonds, which was his primary focus. His contributions to bond valuation in Securities Analysis, recommended by Buffett, are invaluable. Currently, the highest yielding bond is owned by a private subsidiary of Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 G\u00e9n\u00e9rale, likely due to the lack of financial statements available and the fact that it is a derivative market subsidiary based in the US. The cost of acquiring this bond is approximately one million USD. While similar opportunities may arise, Graham's approach may uncover a hidden gem. However, it's important to note that bonds are typically high-value investments, with trades often costing hundreds of thousands of dollars."}
{"966": "\n\nBased on the hover text displayed on the screen, the 'Latest dividend' refers to the dividend per share that was paid out to the shareholders during the most recent quarter. On the other hand, the 'Dividend yield' is a calculation that involves multiplying the latest dividend by the frequency with which dividends are typically paid out in a year and dividing that result by the stock price. Upon examining the data for Ambev, it seems that the dividend payments made by the company are inconsistent, and they are not necessarily paid out each quarter."}
{"967": "\n\nIn the US, checks are valid for a period of six months from the date they are written. Any checks presented after this period are considered \"stale\" under the US Uniform Commercial Code, and banks are not obligated to accept them. While some banks may still accept them, it's not a guarantee. Therefore, when deciding whether to deposit an old check or calculating funds to keep in your checking account, consider the chance of it being accepted. Although a check is a commitment to pay, it may have been canceled or replaced, so it's only useful as supplementary proof of owed money. You can attempt to deposit it, but if unsuccessful or unwilling to try, contact the retirement plan and ask for a replacement. Check your records first, and if your business check has a statement printed on it indicating its validity period, skip depositing it and contact the retirement plan offices directly."}
{"968": "\n\nUpon noticing a discrepancy between the prices of DAI on the ETR and FRA, I was puzzled by the significant difference. For instance, today being Sunday, Google indicates that DAI closed at the following prices on both exchanges: FRA: DAI and ETR: DAI. It seems evident that two separate exchanges have trading at distinct prices. However, the key value to consider here is the last column (Volume). As per Wikipedia, trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange is presently only through the Xetra platform. Consequently, trading volume on ETR: DAI is more critical than that on FRA: DAI. Nonetheless, Wikipedia may not be entirely accurate, as they indicate that the Frankfurt Exchange has Specialist Trading on the Frankfurt Floor service with slightly different trading hours. I infer that what Google and Yahoo display as the Frankfurt exchange is likely manual trading by a Specialist handler, in contrast to Xetra's electronic trading. It is essential to note that the stock on both exchanges is identical, meaning that you can sell an ETR: BMW on FRA by calling a FRA Trading Floor Specialist, which may incur a fee. However, it is advisable to use ETR: BMW prices for portfolio evaluation and performance assessments because it is more liquid and accurately reflects the current market valuation."}
{"969": "\n\nStudent loans are funds provided to students who are currently enrolled in school. While it is possible to use these loans for personal expenses, it is essential to exercise caution. Borrowing excessively can lead to financial ruin if you are unable to make timely repayments. As the loan balance grows in proportion to your income, it becomes challenging to keep up with the interest payments, let alone repay the principal amount. Therefore, it is crucial to understand these crucial facts before taking out student loans."}
{"970": "\n\nYou can deduct the cost of constructing the \"noise cancellation system.\" :) However, please note that you can only deduct it once, unless you incur additional costs for maintaining it. The deduction should be reported on line 19, which is for repairs and maintenance, on IRS Form 8829."}
{"971": "\n\nAs a business, all assets have a dollar value. When an asset is sold, its value is deducted from the total assets, and that amount is added to the cash value. If the sales result in profits, it is recorded as income, while losses are counted as costs. A profit increases equity, while a loss decreases equity. While it's not necessary to estimate the cost of all assets, it's recommended to record them as income to keep track of equity. The equity was always present, partly as assets, but recording them as income in GnuCash makes it explicit. For future assets that may be sold later, it's recommended to maintain them as assets. However, keeping track of changes in asset prices can be cumbersome. Alternatively, it's best to continue recording sold assets as income, as it's easier and doesn't affect the equity, which was always present but was off the books until now."}
{"972": "\n\nAlthough it's true that Yahoo Finance offers futures quotes, they can be challenging to locate as you need to be familiar with the contract's expiration codes to access them. A quote for the S&P 500 Emini June 2012 contract is an example."}
{"973": "\n\nEquity options traded in the American exchanges expire on the Saturday after the 3rd Friday of the month. However, traders must specify whether they want to trade or exercise the options on or before the 3rd Friday. The CBOE oversees the exchange of equity options and outlines this process. More information about option expiration can be found in their FAQ at http://www.cboe.com/LearnCenter/Concepts/Beyond/expiration.aspx."}
{"974": "\n\nGenerally, it is not possible to access information about a security once it is delisted from an exchange. After delisting, companies are not obligated to provide information to regulators or exchanges unless they intend to relist. This is one reason why companies may choose to go private, as it allows them to keep financial and other information private. However, if the security was listed in 1999 and has since been delisted, it may be possible to find information by searching through SEC archives. Additionally, contacting the company's investor relations department may provide help in finding the specific information you are seeking."}
{"975": "\n\nInvesting can start with any amount by using the ShareBuilder account to purchase \"partial\" stocks through their automatic investment plan. While traditional brokers don't generally sell parts of stocks, ShareBuilder is unique in its ability to do so, utilizing their own proprietary methods. Essentially, ShareBuilder buys a stock and internally divides it among several investors who have purchased it, without each individual owning it directly. This feature is particularly advantageous for those looking to invest small amounts and take their first steps into investing."}
{"976": "\n\nFirstly, I want to clarify that there is nothing extraordinary about a self-managed investment portfolio versus one managed by a professional. With some exceptions, you are capable of putting together a portfolio that is identical to what a professional could assemble for you. Additionally, this can often be done at a lower cost, which is a critical factor in determining how your portfolio will perform over time. \n\nDiversification refers to the practice of not putting all of your eggs in one basket. This means that by spreading your investments in a manner that reduces overall risk, you can reduce the likelihood of everything moving in the same direction at the same time. This spread can include investments that have different underlying risks in various sectors of the economy, spread across different countries, and diverse investment types (such as company stock, corporate bonds, government bonds, and precious metals).\n\nRisk in investment is typically measured through volatility, which describes how much a stock's price fluctuates over a specific period. A more volatile stock is riskier because its fall could lead to a more significant percentage of your investment being lost compared to a stock that is less volatile. \n\nIt is crucial to note that a well-diversified portfolio tends to perform better over time than a poorly diversified portfolio. A poorly diversified portfolio is typically limited to specific geographical regions, sectors of the economy, or types of investments. Although a poorly diversified portfolio could outperform a more diversified portfolio in the short term, it is virtually impossible to do for a lengthy time. Overall, diversification is essential for success in investment long term."}
{"977": "\n\nI would suggest revising the text to: \"A 10-year comparison of your fund's performance against the S&P 500. No additional information needed.\""}
{"978": "\n\nWhen accounting for an asset's cost, it is important to include the costs of acquisition rather than expensing them. This is particularly relevant if you need to amortise the asset for reporting or tax purposes. The following journal entries demonstrate this process: \n\nInitial acquisition: \n\nDr. Land $250,000 \nDr. Building $250,000 \nCr. Cash $500,000 \n\nThis entry records the acquisition of both the land and the building from their previous owners. \n\nFees paid to an auctioneer who assisted in the acquisition of the land should also be included as part of the asset's cost. This can be done using the following journal entry: \n\nDr. Land $12,500 \nDr. Building $12,500 \nCr. Cash $25,000 \n\nWhen dividing the cost between land and building, appraised prices should be used as the basis. These prices would have been determined during the initial acquisition and can be referenced in the first journal entry."}
{"979": "\n\nConsider a third approach: Calculate the buyout in the same manner as before. Then, determine what percentage of the house's overall value the buyout represents. When the house is eventually sold, the other party receives that same percentage of the final sales price."}
{"980": "\n\nThe banking industry in the US and globally is subject to laws surrounding Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism funding. Although this can lead to a slower transfer of funds, it serves as an effective measure in eliminating fraudulent activity."}
{"981": "\n\nDid the paperwork only show your address or did it also list your name? Additionally, you didn't mention how long you have lived at the address, which leaves the possibility that a previous tenant may have filed the paperwork in question. Alternatively, it could have been a mistake where someone used your address by accident. It is uncertain whether this was intentional or not. Perhaps the person intended to select \"CO\" for Colorado or \"CT\" for Connecticut but accidentally chose \"CA\" for California. These kinds of errors do happen. Nevertheless, the situation is unsettling. You can investigate the matter by accessing the California Secretary of State's website and finding out all information the LLC filed with the state. This will reveal the names of the founders and other public information related to the LLC. At a minimum, you can obtain the registered agent's name and address to contact them and ask why your address is listed as the LLC's business address. Once you have the information, you can contact the Secretary of State and inform them of the mistake so that they can take corrective action. This problem is not difficult to resolve, but it is essential to gather as much information as possible before contacting the state. Answering \"I don't know\" will not help much. It is better to have clear answers about where the mistake originated from. I hope this helps. Good luck!"}
{"982": "\n\nRevised: You've listed your requirements as something uncomplicated, lawful, moderately formal, effortless to establish, and tax-effective. I would suggest that marriage fits those criteria perfectly. Have you considered getting married?"}
{"983": "As someone who has experienced both sides of the student loan process - having had issues with my own loan and my parents running the financial aid department at a local university - let me offer some advice. My own student loan story involved graduating with debt and not being able to make payments due to early parenthood. I went through a deferment process, which varies by school and federal guidelines that change annually. Initially, any student can request repayment deferment, which is typically granted. Then there is the option for an extended deferment, which must be approved. In my case, my school denied my request, despite my providing significant documentation of my financial situation. They eventually caved and granted me the extended deferment.\n\nWhen it was time to start making payments, I opted to pay in six-month increments due to my school's complex payment system. However, due to a billing error, I ended up in collections and had to prove that I had made payments, despite their system showing otherwise. It took me five years to get out of collections due to this error, and I incurred significant fees.\n\nThe lesson here is that if you don't make payments, the lender will either put your loan into deferment or go after you. Most schools will opt for deferment, which usually lasts up to two years. After that, there is an optional deferment period. If you continue to not pay, you may be put into this bucket. However, if you don't communicate with the lender, you risk being swept into their credit collection process. By filling out the deferment paperwork, even if it is denied, you can buy yourself up to ten years.\n\nOnce you are in the collection process, anything can happen. If you can't get a home or car loan, it may not matter as much. But if you can, you may need to go to court or hire an attorney to deal with the fees and penalties that may arise. The moral of the story is that you will eventually have to pay off your student loans. Acting nice, filling out paperwork, and communicating with your school can buy you some time, but you will still have to pay and will incur interest on everything. If you don't have the money, defaulting may not be an entirely bad thing, but you need to try to work with your school to avoid penalties and have creditors calling your job.\n\nIn my case, a higher up at the school reviewed my case and called me to work out a plan. I had to provide significant documentation and deal with multiple agencies to clear up my credit, incurring significant time and effort. So the goal should be to make payments to avoid issues down the line."}
{"984": "\n\nBased on the information provided, it appears that you have attempted to sell your shares twice by creating two open sell orders for the same shares. This could be due to an inadvertent duplication of your sell order or a technical issue with the website you are using. Although I am not a Fidelity customer, there should be a screen displaying your open orders that you can access to resolve the issue. If this doesn't resolve the problem, please contact customer service for further assistance."}
{"985": "\n\nIn industries that are highly developed and competitive, companies must find a balance between maximizing shareholder profits by keeping prices high and producing products as cheaply as possible, while also competing with rivals who may offer cheaper alternatives. In the short term, companies may retain efficiency savings, such as making a breakthrough in a specific manufacturing process, by maintaining current prices. However, over time, competition inevitably leads to lower prices as smaller competitors with lower margins undercut larger rivals."}
{"986": "\n\nUnless you're an investment professional, investing in a venture in a developing country that someone else presents to you is not recommended. However, if you have expertise and a unique concept that would work exceptionally well in a particular country, it's worth considering. For instance, Michael Dell, a computer repairman, revolutionized the \"made to order\" computer industry in the United States through his innovative ideas. Similarly, if you're interested in investing in real estate in a developing country, you might consider developing a modular home using local materials and tailored to local preferences. You could then team up with a local person who could assist you in marketing your product. Nonetheless, avoid investing in something that you won't revisit for a decade or more, as it's highly probable that you'll lose everything you've invested."}
{"987": "\n\nA helpful tip to keep in mind is that whenever you are obligated to buy insurance such as Auto Liability or Property Mortgage Insurance, it's a fair assumption that you are not the primary beneficiary. Instead, you are required to purchase the insurance to safeguard someone else's investment."}
{"988": "\n\nWhen it comes to expenses, one can easily stumble upon pricey items. In the United States, the median income typically falls within the $50,000 range. Diamond retailers often suggest spending three months' salary on an engagement ring, but despite having a moderate income, I spent nothing. My practical wife didn't care for jewelry and preferred a larger home. Thus, we allocated our money towards the downpayment. At that time, the house totaled 2.5 years of our salaries. Even a used car can equal a few months' worth of pay. However, if the individual is saving, has an emergency fund, and is making progress towards their long-term financial objectives, they could potentially afford a decent-sized TV with a week's salary. A week's to a month's salary could stretch to cover a good vacation. Your question presents a common concern for individuals starting in the workforce, though there are similar inquiries about spending more. Those usually come from students with a lower budget, but now have a higher income. To answer the question, they should list out their monthly expenses, assign a fair amount to savings, then determine how much is available for discretionary spending. It's worth noting that saving money is easier now with no mortgage or kids. During our early years of marriage, we lived off my wife's revenue and saved mine. Our budget tightened following the home purchase and the arrival of our child. Ultimately, the purchase of a PS4 depends more on the individual's overall finances than its $400 price tag."}
{"989": "\n\nThe \"ideal world\" index fund for any asset class is a perfectly balanced portfolio comprised of all underlying assets, which is immediately rebalanced to align with every change in the index weighting. However, this is only feasible in a fully liquid market with zero transaction costs, and in reality, these factors make it unworkable. There are several deviations between the \"ideal world algorithm\" and practical implementation described in Introduction to Finance: Markets, Investments, and Financial Management (Chapter 11), with each addressing real-world solutions to the various costs of managing a passive index fund. While these deviations offer good solutions, they also carry a degree of risk. Therefore, investors evaluating their choices should aim for the lowest fees with the least deviation from the ideal index fund, even if the results are not exactly on par with the ideal. This formula is also covered in the aforementioned book."}
{"990": "\n\nThe Investopedia article you shared provides valuable insight into evaluating your portfolio by taking risk-adjusted returns into consideration. It highlights the fact that a higher level of returns often comes with a higher likelihood of potential losses, and different types of stocks and financial instruments have varying levels of historical risks and returns. Therefore, it is crucial to make an apples-to-apples comparison against a suitable benchmark that reflects comparable portfolios. \n\nStart by analyzing your portfolio's asset allocation using tools such as the Morningstar X-Ray to determine whether adjustments are necessary to meet your long-term goals. Selecting a benchmark, such as the Dow Jones Global Index or more specialized indices, will provide a basis for comparing your portfolio's returns over time. Though IRR and ROI are helpful metrics, comparison-based approaches provide a better picture of portfolio performance. Additionally, calculating Sharpe ratios and accounting for tax treatment and investment expenses can provide a more comprehensive view of risk-adjusted returns."}
{"991": "\n\nMy initial response is that there should be no discrepancy, which is correct. However, your understanding of mathematics is lacking. You sold $100,000 worth of product at the current price of 7,500,000RUB, but you initially purchased it for 3,500,000RUB, resulting in a profit of 3,500,000RUB or a 100% profit in USD (50% in RUB). For the second transaction, you purchased 7,500,000RUB worth of product at the current price of $100,000, but later sold it for $200,000, resulting in a profit of $100,000 or a 100% profit in USD that was the equivalent of 3,500,000RUB at the time. This also equates to a 50% profit in RUB.\n\nTherefore, your instincts were correct - there is no discrepancy. The difference in percentages is because you approached each transaction from a different currency perspective. In the first transaction, your currency was RUB, while in the second it was USD. However, the bottom line remains the same - you earned a 100% profit in both cases. If you utilize the same currency for both calculations, the percentages will shift, but ultimately, the results will be identical."}
{"992": "\n\nI understand that you are seeking a formula that can predict the effect that changes in savings, investing, and spending will have on economic growth. However, even if such a formula did exist and was reliable, it would essentially amount to central planning. This means that a select few individuals would have the power to manipulate different aspects of the economy, like increasing savings, investing, or spending, at any given moment as per their interpretation of the formula. Unfortunately, there is no such magic formula that exists, and therefore, no one possesses enough information to determine the ideal levels of savings, investing, or spending. However, I came across a resource that could help you understand the interconnectedness between savings, consumption, and investing."}
{"993": "\n\nOne easy investment strategy is to choose a few ETFs based on your risk tolerance. If you have a high tolerance for short-term risk, consider investing in a stock ETF such as VOO or VTI. These types of ETFs have historically returned close to 10% over long periods of time and are simple for non-finance individuals to invest in. You won't need to actively trade with this method, which means you can invest and leave the money there without touching it for years.\n\nTo minimize risk, consider investing in bond funds, which generally perform well during stock market downturns. However, if you're thinking in the long term, you don't need to allocate a large portion of your portfolio to bonds. Additionally, it is wise to take advantage of tax breaks through accounts like IRAs and 401Ks. Vanguard and similar firms usually offer ETFs for these accounts, so select those with low expense ratios and diverse portfolios that span more than just one sector of the economy.\n\nAs long as the economy continues to thrive, investing in ETFs usually results in a growing portfolio."}
{"994": "\n\nIn Islamic teachings, engaging in unethical or immoral monetary loans that unjustly benefit the lender is prohibited. The term usury, originally referred to any form of interest. However, a loan can be considered usurious due to excessive or abusive interest rates and other factors. Nevertheless, in financial markets, borrowing money to generate profits can benefit both parties without exploitation. While I may have misinterpreted this concept, it is ultimately up to God's wisdom to judge."}
{"995": "\n\nAs the economy grows, there is increased opportunity for specialization and division of labor, leading to greater efficiency. However, external regulations or monetary policies imposed outside of the free market may spur growth in certain areas of the economy, leading to inefficiencies that are later corrected when policies are reversed. For instance, when the government intervenes in the economy, it may inadvertently create inefficiencies."}
{"996": "\n\nAsking about your future is a positive and proactive move. However, to take full control, it's best to consult with a personal advisor who can better understand your financial situation than the general public. You can look into local advisors for in-person meetings or search for experienced consultants online through platforms like oDesk. These online resources offer a large pool of professionals and an efficient way to find the right advisor suited to your unique needs."}
{"997": "\n\nThe calculation of P/E can involve various estimates, including speculation about future P/E ratios to determine a company's future valuation. However, P/E may not be a useful tool for companies with negative earnings, like Amazon in the 1990s. PEG incorporates P/E and earnings growth to assess a stock's potential overvaluation based on its projected growth. If a company has a high P/E ratio but an equally high earnings growth rate, it may prove worthwhile. Looking at industry averages, which can typically be found on sites such as Yahoo! Finance, can also provide helpful context for interpreting a P/E ratio."}
{"998": "\n\nWhen an individual holds multiple jobs within a year, it is common to encounter the issue of reaching the annual limit. The employer can only monitor if the maximum for their company is reached, and they do not possess information on other jobs that the individual may hold. The IRS also prohibits them from accounting for any additional jobs. Consequently, the employer will continue to make payments until the maximum for their company is met. Once the individual fills out the 1040, there is a line verifying that the total social security amount for each person does not surpass the annual limit. Any extra amount paid will be refunded when filing taxes. To avoid this in the future, the individual can adjust their withholding and minimize the amount of overage. As an example, one can increase the number of allowances on the W-4 form to obtain the extra $4K sooner. It is possible to under withhold federal income tax while over withholding social security tax."}
{"999": "\n\nMy bank applied the extra payments I made towards my auto loan to my next scheduled payment. As a result, I was able to skip a payment and use the saved money for something else. Despite this, I continued to make additional payments and paid off the loan faster than the expected timeline. However, it would be worthwhile to review your loan agreement and see how extra payments are supposed to be handled."}
{"1000": "\n\nI do not recommend using personal funds to pay off a weak asset. It is advisable to invest your savings where you can get the highest returns. Consider investing the savings in another property mortgage with leverage, as this can yield a higher return than the 5.5% interest rate. Additionally, you will generate more income."}
{"1001": "\n\nRevised: Hiring skilled tax professionals can be costly. However, if you possess proficiency in handling numbers and computers, you could consider managing your taxes independently for better results."}
{"1002": "\n\nThe ticker CL=F is now available on Yahoo Finance."}
{"1003": "\n\nIt is common for the parent company to possess other assets that may underperform. However, spinoffs usually demonstrate stronger performance. Additionally, large funds may be restricted from investing in certain sectors, such as tobacco or defense, and conglomerates may choose to spin off those assets in order to appeal to a broader audience of investors."}
{"1004": "\n\nThere are two potential impacts to consider. Firstly, a dropping pound makes buying property cheaper for foreign investors, which could increase investment and drive up house prices. Secondly, it's possible to obtain a mortgage in a foreign currency such as Euros, with the assumption that if the pound appreciates in the coming years, the amount owing to the foreign bank in Euros would decrease in value."}
{"1005": "\n\nA few years ago, the SFGate published an article addressing who receives the funds from civil penalties imposed on companies: http://www.sfgate.com/business/networth/article/When-government-fines-companies-who-gets-cash-3189724.php. Generally, such penalties, known as fines, are directed toward the U.S. Treasury or the victims. In the specific case you mentioned, the money would go to the U.S. Treasury. When a party is adversely affected, they may be entitled to compensation for their losses. However, determining who gets the money can be complex based on the nature of the crime."}
{"1006": "\n\nSome of the comments made earlier are incorrect. While advertised interest rates for deposits and savings in Russia from domestic banks are typically for Ruble-denominated accounts, accounts denominated in USD and EUR still offer attractive interest rates compared to their Western counterparts. For instance, Sberbank publishes the following annual interest rates: RUB \u2014 8.79\u201311.52%, USD \u2014 2.05\u20135.31%, and EUR \u2014 2.05\u20135.21%."}
{"1007": "\n\nSwing trading is not the only reason to buy a stock, nor is it the only way to make a profit. While I do not have sufficient experience to provide advice, I personally believe that swing trading is one of the riskiest methods to invest in the stock market. In regards to the previous post, I proposed a naive trade with the objective of earning $1,000 from a $10k investment, but it became apparent that this trade was highly unlikely to succeed even if the stock price had increased by 10%. Moreover, this trade would have disrupted the stock price unfavorably, indicating that a smaller trade was a better alternative. For example, a $100 stock purchase would not create significant disruptions, and could lead to a $10 profit (10% of $100), but the trade fee of $8 makes this approach unprofitable. Therefore, hoping for a 10% gain on every trade is unrealistic. \n\nYou correctly observed that swing trading on low-volume stocks is pointless. When you asked how people can earn significant money trading low-volume stocks, I suspect this is achieved by investors who believe in the company and its potential growth. The company is listed on the market because the company believes that publicly traded shares are a valuable avenue for receiving capital investments, and investors agree that it is a reasonable and profitable transaction, which is a form of real investing."}
{"1008": "\n\nThe percentage value increases from 12.61% to 13.48%. However, the difference in reinvestment of cashflows at 14% versus 12% is not significant enough to alter the rounded value. Additionally, it should be noted that the initial cashflow is already discounted at t0, hence it is already at its present value and is not affected by the finance rate. However, the finance rate does have an impact on future outgoing cashflows as observed."}
{"1009": "\n\nAlthough primarily an engineer, I possess a basic accounting background and operate a small Schedule C business in the United States. As such, I presume you are referring to the US Form 1040 tax return with Schedule C attachment. While I have some knowledge of US taxes, I am unfamiliar with foreign taxes. As a cash-basis taxpayer, I understand that the transactions recorded for each tax year are based only on cash paid and received during that year, regardless of potential losses from warranties or other claims in the future. One option may be to switch to the accrual accounting method, which allows for allowances to be booked for future losses. However, it can be complex and not worthwhile for low-volume businesses. With only two months remaining in the tax year, one strategy is to reallocate expenses between this year and next year to help offset any loss. Ultimately, filing an amended return for the previous two years may be possible only if the Schedule C loss exceeds any other W2 or self-employment income this year, along with other relevant criteria. While an aggressive accountant may suggest otherwise, my advice would be to accept the loss and move forward. Further information on this topic can be found in this LegalZoom article (link here)."}
{"1010": "\n\nAlthough I'm also in the US, some basic aspects remain unchanged. Trading still requires a broker, but now a full-service one may not be necessary. You might be able to manage with a low-fee web-based brokerage. If you're apprehensive, opt for a renowned firm and steer clear of unestablished companies. Also, it's best to refrain from investing in exotic options, futures, or Forex. You may even consider avoiding shares altogether and searching if the UK provides a similar option to invest in an index fund that tracks broad markets such as the FTSE 100 or the S&P 500 as a whole."}
{"1011": "\n\nYour question is dynamic and may require future revisions to my response. I disagree with the decision to close the discussion since you are inquiring about the role that commodities, specifically oil, play in asset allocation. While opinions may vary, there is a forum to explore them. Upon reviewing a chart, I perceive that the long-term actual return for commodities is zero. The topic of gold has been thoroughly debated. As for oil, it is reasonable to expect price fluctuations, but it is not compelling to anticipate a faster rise than inflation over extended periods."}
{"1012": "\n\nNote: This recommendation is specific to the UK. In my experience, Crunch is the best option for those in need of accounting services. Though they are more expensive than basic cloud accounting software, they act as your accountant and offer their own software. If you already use an accountant for your year-end, then the cost is similar to using both a cloud accounting service and an accountant. As a software development contractor, I appreciate that I don't have to concern myself with the complexities of ledger accounts and journal entries when using Crunch. Many cloud accounting services claim to simplify accounting, but often require the user to spend significant time learning the intricacies of accounting. This is not the case with Crunch, as it truly simplifies the process. While I have used other services like Sage and Xero, my experience recommends Crunch for those who value their time and prefer a straightforward service. Please note that I have no association with Crunch and gain nothing from this recommendation. I was disappointed to learn that Crunch does not cater to retail businesses, as I am currently starting an online shop. Therefore, I must use more complex software, which is frustrating."}
{"1013": "\n\nWhen the VC asks for your Pre-Money Valuation, they want to know how much of your company their $200,000 investment will buy. If you state that your company is worth $800K, then once the VC invests, it will be worth $1M, and they will own 20% of all shares; meanwhile, you will own the rest. Therefore, the VC is ultimately inquiring about how much of your business they will own following their investment. Hence, determining your pre-money valuation requires negotiation premised on how much capital you require, how probable it is that you will need additional funding in the future, what are the chances of your business's survival, and what is its potential revenue if it grows. Currently, the actual value of your business is less relevant than the amount of work invested so far, and its potential success. The value VCs seek is likely to be more than you anticipate since the groundwork is set, and your entry to the market will be quicker than that of others who are yet to commence. VCs tend to seek long shots; thus, they invest in multiple companies, with the expectation that some will fail, a few will break even or turn a slight profit, and one will generate massive amounts of revenue. A VC may not necessarily want 51% ownership of your company, as taking control could cause you to lose interest or disengage, but they will seek to acquire as much as possible."}
{"1014": "\n\nIf you lack knowledge or time to fix your vehicle or pull car parts from a junkyard yourself, expect to spend more each month repairing an old car than you would on a new car payment. This is due to the high cost of labor at car repair shops, which average $85 per hour. Some car parts are expensive and difficult to replace, especially those located within the engine, such as piston rings."}
{"1015": "\n\nTo be eligible for deductions, it is important that the bedroom is solely set up as an office, without a bed, TV, or any other non-work related items. However, there is some flexibility in interpretation, such as considering a TV as a monitor or a couch as a visitor's seat. Regardless of your chosen arrangement, it is essential that you can justify every item's presence in case of an inspection from authorities. I have personally been in the same situation for two years and successfully deducted around 30% of my housing costs. Utility and bathroom usage are proportional to the office space's size. Moreover, it may be worthwhile to consider moving into a larger apartment to designate a dedicated office space. Please note that the above-mentioned regulations apply to Germany, and results may vary based on location and other factors. Nonetheless, most EU countries have similar regulations."}
{"1016": "\n\nRevised: Opening a Roth IRA is an excellent idea once you have the funds to contribute. This tax designation is suitable for someone with modest earnings this year. One advantage of opening the account now is that certain withdrawals require a minimum account age of five years. However, you can withdraw your deposited amount without taxes at any time. Currently, student loans have high-interest rates, so it's best to pay off any outstanding balances as soon as possible. It's advisable to keep the remaining funds liquid for now. Having cash available is crucial for financial security, and investing in personal life items like energy-efficient appliances or computer backups can be rewarding. For instance, buying in bulk or purchasing more fuel-efficient cars saves money in the long run. It's vital to be a sharp consumer to avoid unnecessary expenses, such as monthly payment fees, that add up over time. Saving money and being wise with purchases is essential because being strapped for cash is costly."}
{"1017": "\n\nOne recommendation I have is to check out the stock screener on Google Finance: https://www.google.com/finance?ei=oJz9VenXD8OxmAHR263YBg#stockscreener"}
{"1018": "\n\nThe article by The Finance Buff, titled \"The Case Against the Roth 401k,\" examines why the Roth 401k is often at a disadvantage compared to a Traditional 401k. The author lists several reasons, including the fact that contributions to the 401k come from the top of your highest tax bracket rate, whereas withdrawals fill in from the bottom. For instance, if you are in the 28% tax bracket, each marginal dollar you contribute to the Traditional 401k reduces your tax burden by .28 cents. However, when you withdraw, the first $10,150 of income is tax-free (based on standard deductions and exemptions for 2014; $20,300 for married couples filing jointly). The subsequent dollars are taxed at the 10% tax bracket, and so on. This is an advantage for the Traditional 401k only if you earn less when withdrawing than you did when contributing, which is a reasonable assumption.\n\nAnother point made in the article is that if you live in a state with low or no state income tax, contributing to the Roth 401k can reduce the benefits of moving to a state with a lower income tax rate. Additionally, if your income increases and you start triggering credit phaseouts, contributing to the Traditional 401k can help you realize more of those credits.\n\nHowever, if none of these scenarios apply to you, contributing to the Roth 401k can be a valuable component of tax diversification."}
{"1019": "\n\nHere is a revised version of the text:\n\nI have a few ideas regarding the financial issue at hand. It would be wise to carefully consider the lesson that your son will learn from the resolution. Will it be one of responsibility and the importance of keeping one's word, or will it teach him that he can get away with poorly planned business decisions without any negative consequences? Even forgiveness of the loan is a consequence that sends a message.\n\nIt seems that paying off the loan from your savings could mean deducting that amount from your son's eventual inheritance. However, it is important to factor in inflation, as today's $54K is worth more than it will be in the future. By choosing this option, your son is effectively exchanging a smaller financial loss in the future for complete debt forgiveness today. It's like borrowing $54K from a bank now, and only having to repay the same amount decades later when it is worth significantly less. It's a deal that any borrower would be happy with, but only a loving parent would offer.\n\nUltimately, it's up to you to decide what life lesson your son will walk away with from this situation. I wish you the best of luck."}
{"1020": "\n\nAs I understand it, the OP is inquiring about why different exchanges offer contracts that are either cash settled or physically settled. The answer is that it's simply a matter of the exchange's preference and what they think will be profitable for their business. Both types of settlement are common, and businesses, entities, or traders use either one for various reasons. There is no governing body that mandates what type of settlement is available for a given futures contract. The lack of a mini or micro futures contract for extremely small amounts of currency futures that is physically settled is likely due to the fact that no one has created such a product yet. It could, however, exist but is unlikely as physically settled currency futures are usually utilized by entities operating in large sums. I apologize if there was any misunderstanding of the original question."}
{"1021": "\n\nI wanted to share a website I created for tracking portfolios, which allows for easy sharing in read-only mode. The website, currently in beta, can be accessed at http://frano.carelessmusings.com. Unlike other portfolio trackers that require login credentials, my website offers a sharing feature for those seeking a simpler, more accessible option. Popular portfolio trackers such as Yahoo Finance, Google Finance, Reuters Portfolios, and MorningStart Portfolios don't offer this feature. If you don't trade frequently, you can also use a shared Google Docs spreadsheet with integrated pricing and custom fields, such as Symbol, Quantity, Avg. Buy Price, Price, P/L, and P/L%. This spreadsheet can calculate current prices and P/L data using the Google Finance API. Please visit my website and let me know your thoughts and feedback. It would be greatly appreciated!"}
{"1022": "\n\nFrom my understanding, housing expenses cannot typically be classified as a business expense unless your employer has explicitly directed you to do so for the benefit of the company rather than your own. Perhaps in the case of a temporary work assignment that is far from your home office, making commuting or occasional hotel stays impractical, you may have a case. To put it simply, if your employer would not permit you to claim it as an expense, then it is likely not a valid claim for you."}
{"1023": "\n\nMost stocks are not actively traded by a large number of people. When you buy or sell a stock, the price is determined by the \u201corder book\u201d \u2013 which consists of other people looking to trade in the same stock at the same time. However, without a significant number of active traders, the pricing system is likely to break down, resulting in volatile and fluctuating prices. Therefore, in order for the market to function effectively, it is necessary for most people to actively participate in trading."}
{"1024": "\n\nAs mentioned in other responses, the primary reason for high exchange rates is to maximize profits. However, there is another smaller factor to consider: variations in currency values. When withdrawing cash from an ATM, you usually have a minute to review the current exchange rate. Within that time, the value of the currency may rise or fall, which presents an opportunity for exploitation. While significant shifts in major currencies are rare, they do occur. This is even more common in the case of minor currencies. For example, today, there was a notable increase of more than 2% in the exchange rate of Botswana Pula to Haitian Gourde. While this may not be the best illustration, it does show why a large margin is favorable. It's important to note that this argument only applies when the customer knows the exchange rate ahead of time. For cases where it's calculated after the transaction, there is no justification for such significant margins, except to offer other services at a lower cost."}
{"1025": "\n\nIt's best to contact your insurance company in advance when adding a new or used car to your policy. You can inform them of the impending addition, even if you don't have the car's VIN or other details yet. Some insurance companies may automatically cover you for the new car for 30 days on the provision that you will provide the details after purchasing the car. Once you have the necessary information, you can provide it to them the following business day, and they will generate a new bill. \n\nThe process of removing a car from your policy is similar. A new bill will be generated after you notify them about the removal. Depending on the timing and the amounts paid, they may either credit your account or send you a check. If you accidentally add a car to your policy, they can remove it, possibly charging you a fee for the days that it was covered. \n\nWhen you request a refund, ask the insurance company if automatic coverage for an additional vehicle is available. This way, you can have peace of mind when bringing your new car home and not have to provide the details until later."}
{"1026": "\n\nCheck if your bank provides other credit card options. Many banks offer multiple cards, each with varying benefits, rates, and security features. If you find a card that fits your needs, request a switch to that card. This process should be simple, and your credit score will not be affected because the existing card will be replaced. While it may be possible to negotiate an exemption from the annual fee with your bank, most will not allow this since each card type is a distinct product, and you can only choose one of their options. If you cannot find a suitable card, consider applying for one from another bank that offers the perks and a zero annual fee you're seeking. Although the new card may begin with a lower limit, it will gradually increase as you continue to use it. Cancel your old card before the year ends, and you may experience a slight short-term hit to your credit score, which is not a cause for concern."}
{"1027": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows: \n\nAs an international seller, you are responsible for paying federal and, in certain cases, state taxes on any income that you generate in the United States. This includes revenue from online and mail-order sales. Depending on tax treaties between your home country and the US, you may or may not have to pay taxes on this income again in your own country."}
{"1028": "\n\nManaging personal finances can become increasingly complicated as your financial situation becomes more complex. Using a simple spreadsheet is not practical, and it's better to opt for software specifically designed for managing personal finances. A high-quality program will enable you to keep track of multiple accounts effortlessly. A great program will separate different account balances from budget category balances. \n\nOnce you set up the software, enter all your various bank accounts with their balances. For instance, you may have several savings and checking accounts. The software will total up all the balances, and then it's time to allocate this money into different budget categories according to your spending plan. You can customize these categories as per your requirements, and your budget can be as detailed or broad as you like. \n\nWhen you receive your paycheck, you can also allocate the income into specific budget categories. At this point, it doesn't matter which accounts your money is in. The essential thing is that you have access to it. You can use a particular account for a specific budget category if you want, but it's not mandatory. For example, you will likely keep your grocery category money in a checking account, while your emergency fund remains in an interest-earning account.\n\nWith this approach, you may find that you don't require as many bank accounts as you did in the past because the software automatically separates your money into different accounts. There are various categories of personal finance software available, such as YNAB, Mvelopes, and EveryDollar, that utilize this approach of separating bank accounts from budget categories."}
{"1029": "\n\nIf she lives alone, she probably qualifies as a one-person household. Regardless, her monthly income falls below the threshold, making her eligible for SNAP benefits. According to the website linked, the only way to confirm her household's eligibility is by submitting an application. It's definitely worth a shot."}
{"1030": "\n\nAs your family recommended, consider borrowing the entire amount. This extra money could prove helpful in the future when you plan to purchase a house and relocate to the vicinity where your employer is located. The UK's government loan system is excellent, although the high tuition fees are regretful."}
{"1031": "\n\nRevised: Please note the first item in our list pertains to our routine business operations. These activities include transaction processing, account maintenance, compliance with legal orders and investigations, and credit bureau reporting. We do not offer the option to restrict this information sharing. It is essential for our banking operations to report credit information to bureaus. Credit bureaus rely on this information along with other sources to provide information to lenders. While you may opt-out of sharing with other financial institutions, insurance companies, or service providers to avoid receiving offers based on shared data, restricting credit reporting is not available."}
{"1032": "\n\n:\n\nA simple definition or analogy for present value is the \"Principal\" or \"Loan Amount\" being lent and the future value is returning the Principal with the cost of borrowing. The FVIF or future value of a $1 is calculated as (1+i)^n, where \"i\" is the interest earned on present value. The PVIF or present value of a $1 is calculated as (1+i)^-n, where \"i\" is the interest paid on future value. These interest factors assume that interest is paid annually, but if interest is made more often within the payment year, the frequency of interest payment (m) will affect the interest earned or paid. The more frequent the interest payment, the more interest is earned or paid, and compounding occurs on each fraction of time. \n\nIf you need to make periodic loan repayments for a certain amount (say $1) for \"n\" periods, then the present value of all such periodic payments is the \"Principal\" or amount borrowed. This is the sum of discounted periodic payments. The present value of periodic payment of $1 can be calculated using the formula (1/1+i)^n, which simplifies to x. Then by replacing (1/1+i) with x, we get the geometric series form. The future value of periodic payments of $1 can be determined by multiplying the PVIFA by (1+i)^n. \n\nWhen calculating interest, if compounding occurs more frequently within the payment year, the annual effective yield (AEY) must be found to use for the PVIFA and FVIFA calculation for continuous compounding. \n\nAdjusting for inflation, if the amounts grow by g%, the present value of a $1 would be calculated by (1/(1+i+g))^n. \n\nIf loan payments increase or decrease by an amount \"Q\" per period, the present value of series of payments \"P\" that increase or decrease per period by an amount \"Q\" can be calculated using the given formulae. \n\nThe calculations discussed are available in the tadXL add-in for finance and as a JavaScript financial functions library tadJS. These libraries are property of the author writing this post except one for Excel, and are available for FREE for public use. To find the future value of such payments with increments, multiply the PV by (1+i)^n."}
{"1033": "\n\nThe definitive tax basis for the four securities you obtained through the GM bankruptcy reorganization could only be established on June 14, 2012, which was the initial day of their individual trading."}
{"1034": "\n\nRevised text: Making the assumption that unusual option volume or increased volatility indicates a significant shift in the stock market can be a misguided endeavor. Often, one side of the option chain may be priced higher than the other. Additionally, the correlation between historical and implied volatility is uncertain and remains a topic of active research."}
{"1035": "\n\nRevised: My response may not be the solution you desire, but as someone who has experienced marriage, I can share that you cannot control or persuade another person to act in a certain way. However, you can identify their values and demonstrate how saving money aligns with their interests. It's essential to acknowledge that despite your best efforts, the other person may not agree with your perspective.\n\nIf you're single, it's crucial to find a partner who shares your values. Just like someone who values aesthetics over fuel efficiency will not prioritize buying a car with excellent gas mileage, your spouse may not always prioritize saving money. For instance, in India, individuals currently earn a higher interest rate of 7.5% for their savings accounts than in the US or Europe. Suppose your partner values financial stability and growth. In that case, you could explain how passive income through a high-interest savings account can help them achieve their savings goals.\n\nThe key is not to manipulate or force them to see it your way as resentment often builds from such efforts. Suppose there is a specific problem that you can solve by saving money. In that case, it's recommended to show your partner how those savings can help resolve that issue. However, it's crucial to understand what your partner perceives as a problem as this may differ significantly from your perspective.\n\nGiving relationship advice is always tricky, especially as every individual and situation is unique. Therefore, it's essential to speak your partner's language, understand their values, and avoid creating resentment. If all else fails, one must take responsibility for their financial well-being and save what they can independently.\n\nIf applicable, earning additional income may be an option, or if you and your spouse split income, try to stick within the agreed-upon budget."}
{"1036": "\n\nThe text discusses the example of the spinoff of Leidos from SAIC in 2013 to explain how spinoffs reflect the market as activities occur. The Board of Directors of SAIC, Inc. approved the separation of its technical, engineering, and enterprise information technology services business by distributing shares of SAIC Gemini, Inc. to stockholders. Every SAIC stockholder of record received one SAIC Gemini, Inc. common stock for every seven SAIC common stock held as of the Record Date of September 19, 2013. The distribution was effective after market close on September 27, 2013 (Distribution Date). After this, SAIC Gemini, Inc. was renamed as Science Applications International Corporation (New SAIC), and SAIC, Inc. was renamed Leidos Holdings, Inc. (Leidos) after a one for four reverse stock split. \n\nThe text also explains the different trading markets available during the period between the Record Date and Distribution Date. There may be three different trading markets available with respect to SAIC, Inc. and the separation: Regular Way Trading with Due Bills (stock ticker SAI), When Issued Trading (stock ticker SAIC), and Ex-Distribution Trading (stock ticker LDOS). The stock price for New SAIC starts a few days before the Record Date, while the stock price for Leidos (new name for the old SAIC) goes back much earlier. The company didn't split until after the close of business on September 27, 2013. \n\nOverall, the text requires minor revisions for clarity and conciseness."}
{"1037": "\n\nRevise the following text: \n\n\"If the APR is an effective rate. If the APR is a nominal rate compounded monthly, first convert it to an effective rate.\"\n\n\"If the APR is expressed as a nominal rate compounded monthly, it must be converted to an effective rate for accurate comparison. Therefore, ensure to make this conversion before utilizing the APR.\""}
{"1038": "\n\nFirst and foremost, it is crucial to understand what is being compared in this case. HSBC, as traded on the NYSE exchange, is not common shares, but rather an ADR (American Depository Receipt) with a 5:1 ratio from the actual shares. Therefore, owning one ADR is essentially like owning five common shares in most cases. However, for special events like dividends, there may be other factors to consider. For instance, the depository bank (the institution that created the ADR) may take a percentage. Additionally, there may be a permanent price dislocation between the shares and the ADR, leading to discrepancies that are highlighted by the apparent difference in dividends. This can also be influenced by requirements for certain people, accounts, or institutions to invest in a specific country or not."}
{"1039": "\n\nThe quarterly and annual financial reports of publicly traded companies can be found on their websites. Simply visit the investor relations section of the website of the companies that interest you."}
{"1040": "\n\nWhen it comes to refinancing your vehicle loan, it's important to be aware of any up-front fees that may be charged. Typically, these fees are around 1% of the loan value, with a minimum of $100, although this can vary by lender. Keep in mind that for the loan to be secured by your vehicle, the principle value must be less than the collateral value. In your case, there is a shortfall of $4,000. If you're working with a traditional bank, you have two options: pay the difference up front, which will reduce the principle value of the loan, or obtain a separate loan for the difference. However, a separate loan may come with a higher interest rate, especially if you don't have additional collateral to secure it with. It's unlikely that CarMax would offer a separate loan. Keep in mind that if you plan to sell your vehicle within the next twelve months, it might not be worth the hassle of refinancing."}
{"1041": "\n\nAs a self-employed programmer, it is important to report your income on Schedule C (or C-EZ if eligible) even if the payer does not provide a 1099-MISC (or 1099-K). After deducting allowable expenses, your income will flow onto your 1040 (for income tax) and Schedule SE (for self-employment tax). Visit https://www.irs.gov/individuals/self-employed for helpful information. If your self-employment income exceeds $1,000, you may need to make quarterly estimated payments or increase your withholding from a day job to avoid underpayment penalties. However, if this is the first year of significant self-employment income and your economic and tax situation remains unchanged, a \u201csafe harbor\u201d provision states that you are exempt from penalties if your estimated and withheld payments meet or exceed the prior year's tax liability. If you have a single-member LLC or \u201cS\u201d corp, it is typically disregarded for tax purposes, while a \u201cC\u201d corp is more complicated. For additional guidance on business structures, see https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/business-structures."}
{"1042": "\n\nEssentially, selling for banks involves exchanging PHP for MYR by buying MYR with PHP. The bank will purchase your MYR in exchange for PHP, while you will sell your MYR for PHP. This transaction may involve a processing fee."}
{"1043": "\n\nThe enforcement of derivatives contracts is similar to that of any other contract. If the counterparty refuses to pay, they will be billed by any intermediary that facilitated the contract. The contract may allow for a broker to \"net off\" outstanding payments or pay from deposited cash or posted margins. The broker may report a default to credit agencies, and parties may use debt collection agencies or sue for breach of contract if necessary. Failure to pay may result in a fall in credit ratings, loss of reputation, and ultimately bankruptcy and imprisonment for the party or their senior employees.\n\nWhen netting off cash flows, all positive and negative cash flows are used to pay each other off, leaving a net payment. For example, if a company has total outgoings of 3M + 500k = 3.5M and incoming cash flows of 1.2M + 1.1M + 1.2M = 3.5M, the incoming cash flows can be used to pay the outgoing cash flows, resulting in a net payment into the company's account of 0."}
{"1044": "\n\nIt appears that there is no way to export customers and invoices, nor import them into another data file even if exporting were possible. However, creating a new data file each year is not necessary for accounting purposes. GnuCash reports can accurately provide year-end data without zeroing transactions, thus avoiding the need to close books. Keep in mind that leaving books unclosed means that account balances in the Chart of Accounts will not show Year-To-Date amounts. The Closing Books GnuCash Wiki provides several methods for closing the books, but this is not necessary. If you do choose to create a new file for the new year, note that it only requires setting up new accounts and transactions, not customers and invoices. In summary, while exporting customers and invoices is not possible, creating a new file is also not necessary."}
{"1045": "\n\nWhen seeking a mortgage loan, it's important to be cautious with your credit. Avoid doing anything that could potentially damage your credit, such as opening new accounts, closing old accounts, running up balances, or applying for new loans. However, paying down debt can have a short-term positive effect. Refinancing is not recommended because it requires applying for a non-home loan, which can drop your credit rating. The exception is if you have an unusual situation with an existing loan, such as a car payment that violates maximum Debt-to-Income ratios (DTI), which can disqualify you from obtaining a qualified mortgage. Refinancing your car may be an option in this case, but it's important to consider the savings and speak with mortgage loan professionals who are familiar with lending criteria. In most cases, it's best to wait until after your loan is closed and the home is yours before refinancing your car. Additionally, it's important to carefully consider your budget and current car ownership before purchasing a new home. Don't rely on uncertain cost-saving measures to work out later."}
{"1046": "\n\nYes, it's a wise decision to visit the credit union as a first step. Try obtaining loan approval initially. In many cases, the credit union will furnish you with a blank check that can be utilized for any amount up to the permissible limit of the loan. Once you buy the car, make the payment directly to the dealer by filling in the amount and signing it. Congratulations on your new car!"}
{"1047": "\n\nI would strongly advise against pursuing this option. Real estate ownership is inherently complex and requires constant maintenance, financing, and decision making. Even for a single individual or a couple, it can be challenging, as compromise is essential. With friends, however, conflicting opinions could lead to prolonged arguments and disagreements. Additionally, financial transactions often put pressure on relationships, including friendships. Sacrificing a friendship for a seemingly good financial deal is unwise, and it's important to focus on your own individual finances and exercise patience and discipline in saving for a separate investment property that you can wholly own. Walking away from this deal, no matter how attractive it may seem on the surface, will save you from years of frustration. I hope this advice helps, and I wish you the best of luck."}
{"1048": "\n\nConsider receiving the distributions from your mutual funds as cash instead of reinvesting them back into the mutual funds. Since taxes will already be paid on these distributions, contribute them to your Roth IRA once you are eligible to open one."}
{"1049": "\n\nRevised: The most dependable measure, albeit concise, is the daily volume divided by the total outstanding shares. Assuming all other factors are constant, a security with a high turnover rate is more efficient relative to a lower one. This increased efficiency leads to a narrower spread and lower percentage change among trades. A security with a 0% spread and 0% average change between trades is considered perfectly effective."}
{"1050": "\n\nI have been using LendingClub for about a year now and have found it to be an insightful experience. Although off topic, I currently have a loan with a borrower who makes $120,000 annually and has a high interest rate - even with regular late payments. While you can gain some economies of scale with larger notes, I do not believe this should be the deciding factor in choosing note size. Instead, I base my note purchases on factors such as the borrower's credit history, loan stability, and interest rate. For example, I recently purchased a $100 note for a borrower with a reasonable loan amount, stable work history of more than 15 years, excellent credit score, and a great interest rate. I prefer 36-month notes and avoid purchasing notes that exceed a maximum of $100. If you are likely to sell the note prematurely, it is best to keep note size at $25, as the market is greater. I have had success with the trading account, where I purchase discounted notes from individuals who want out of LendingClub. One advantage of the trading account is that interest is earned from day one compared to waiting weeks for new notes to be processed. To summarize, I would suggest focusing on factors such as credit history, loan stability, and interest rate instead of note size when investing with LendingClub."}
{"1051": "\n\nI took snapshots from Google and Yahoo. I did this because they will no longer be available online after the market opens. It's important to have this context in order to fully understand your question. By looking at both snapshots, you can see that Yahoo displays after-hours trades, giving a more complete picture than the official market close for the day. The amount of decrease in stock value is accurately tracked from Google's closing numbers. With this information, your question can be answered."}
{"1052": "\n\nAre deductions for driving to and from work possible? Although many people use their cars to commute, there are limits to what counts as \"claimable.\" Many people cannot claim back 80% of their mileage. As for the question of whether deductions can be claimed for driving to and from work, the answer is no. However, if the individual is driving from one work site to another, this is deductible regardless of whether either work site is the home office.\n\nIs it possible to claim deductions for a home office? There is a specific set of tests from the IRS that must be met. If an individual meets these tests and is self-employed, in need of an office, and has a place in their house dedicated to such a purpose, they are likely to pass the tests and qualify for deductions.\n\nEven if an individual has an official workplace that is not in their home, can they still claim deductions for their home office? This is difficult to achieve as the use of the home office needs to benefit their employer, not just themselves.\n\nWhat about deductions for home internet service? If the business or home office uses them, they should be a deductible home office expense in some percentage. Usually, for generic utilities that benefit the whole house, one can deduct at the same percentage as the home office's proportion of the entire house. However, different fractions can be used if more appropriate, for instance, if many computers are in the home office, making deductions for electricity and other costs possible. To learn more about these rules, visit the IRS web page."}
{"1053": "\n\nHouses typically appreciate more than condos, but they also come at a higher price point. It ultimately comes down to personal preferences. As you mentioned that your girlfriend will be buying the property with you, it's important to discuss and put in writing what would happen in the event of a breakup. Will you be splitting the downpayment and mortgage 50/50? These factors can become complex and should be addressed beforehand. Additionally, it's important to keep in mind potential costs associated with home improvements. If you're considering a long-term future with your girlfriend, you may want to explore locations with good schools and family-friendly environments. Although it may feel early, starting your search for a home now and making informed decisions can lead to significant savings and gains in equity down the line."}
{"1054": "\n\nRevised: Despite the saying \"when the U.S. sneezes, Canada catches a cold,\" I believe it is worth considering Canadian government bonds for both currency hedging and principal safety, but in terms of CAD, not USD. Canada weathered the economic crisis relatively well compared to other advanced economies, and our government debt is often rated higher than that of the U.S., although I admit my Canadian bias. If you decide to pursue this strategy, keep in mind that it comes with some currency risk on top of sovereign risks. While some \"international treasury bond\" ETFs exist, holding short-term foreign government bonds, their holdings may not align with my criteria - but they do offer wider diversification than investing in individual countries separately."}
{"1055": "\n\nDuring regular trading hours, market participants can submit market and limit orders at any time, leading to fluctuating bid and ask prices. If a submitted market or limit order matches or exceeds an existing limit order, a trade occurs. Market orders may consume all the best-price limit orders and result in fluctuating bid or ask prices. This trading activity only occurs during the day. However, a \"closing auction\" occurs at the end of the day where all on-close orders and outstanding limit orders are aggregated according to an exchange-established algorithm to produce a single closing price. Different exchanges have varying approaches to this process, such as Nasdaq's closing cross or NYSE's closing auction. \n\nInvestors who trade large amounts at the end of the day and are not interested in intraday swings may submit market-on-close or limit-on-close orders, reducing their chances of affecting the price or crossing a big spread. The close is typically the most liquid time of day, particularly for illiquid stocks that may not have sufficient volume during regular trading hours. The volume of on-close orders determines the spike seen at the end of the day. This spike in volume is a normal part of the market, and it is unlikely to contain any special information about overnight or next-day performance."}
{"1056": "\n\nRewritten: This investing option is ideal for those who are time-strapped, lack investment knowledge, or prefer a combination of guidance and tools without the hefty fees of mutual funds or financial advisors. Its biggest advantage lies in its user-friendliness, speed, and convenience. However, if you possess ample time and expertise, this may not be the best fit for you."}
{"1057": "\n\nThere is no discernible difference between the terms \"bounced\" and \"insufficient,\" as both denote a check that the bank cannot cash for a variety of reasons. Common reasons include unreadable amounts, incorrect account or routing numbers, a closed account, or fraudulent activity. It's important to note that writing a bad check remains illegal, regardless of whether it bounces or not. In the state of Oklahoma, a bad check under $500 is considered a misdemeanor, while anything above $500 is a felony. To prevent bad check writing, many vendors charge fees for returned checks, including a vendor fee ranging from $25 to $50, as well as bank insufficient funds fees of $25 to $50, which can serve as an effective deterrent."}
{"1058": "\n\nThe strategy has inherent value, but its implementation may be hindered by various factors such as taxes, regulations, and risks as explained in other answers. While it is true that if a technical analysis is effective, it is likely that someone has already used it before. However, for this particular case, we can do more than just prove its existence. Market makers are already using a similar strategy with different numbers by offering a buy price and sell price on the same stock. Therefore, they are buying low and selling high with a minimal margin. If the strategy works in practice, you can profit from the short-term volatility that market makers are not taking advantage of by setting your margin at a rate similar to the daily price variation rather than the current bid-offer spread. However, market makers choose their bid-offer spread based on what they believe is the best low-risk margin in the long run. Therefore, relying on this strategy means that:"}
{"1059": "\n\nConsider a streamline refinance as an ideal option for you. Interestingly, you do not have to stick with the same lender for the transaction. The primary advantage of a streamline refinance is that you can use the original appraisal for the refinance process, given that negative amortization did not occur (which is impossible with FHA). You will also experience less paperwork and relaxed credit standards. The only potential disadvantage is that both the upfront and monthly FHA mortgage insurance rates have increased in the past two years. However, if your loan-to-value ratio is below 80%, this factor will not be a concern."}
{"1060": "\n\nIn Canada, mining is taxed similarly to the CQM states. It is considered business income, and you must file a T1 form. Capital appreciation is treated the same as gains from stocks."}
{"1061": "\n\nThe description of a \"random walk\" in regards to the value of a stock reflects the nature of the information flow surrounding it. When the flow consists of small, relatively unimportant updates, including broad market and investor pool information, the resulting movements in the stock's value will be small and seemingly random, similar to a meandering path. However, when a significant piece of information, such as a merger announcement, comes to light, the stock's value may experience a sudden and substantial shift that appears less random.\n \nHowever, it is incorrect to assume that small movements represent a process of search and discovery, while large movements are immediate agreements. Both small and large movements are the result of an instantaneous agreement on the value of the stock as determined by the supply and demand equilibrium. Neither type of movement can be accurately predicted from the perspective of individual investors, but they are not truly random in their occurrence. The difference between the two types of movements is simply a matter of scale, based on the size of the price change, not any inherent variation in the method of consensus price determination."}
{"1062": "\n\nRevised: \n\nFOK can be applied to both market and limit orders. In the case of normal market orders, partial fills occur when there are fewer shares available than requested or when an order is cancelled before completing. With a FOK limit order not at the BBO, there is a slim chance of finding a match quickly, resulting in most orders failing to fill. This type of order is often used in UHFT arbitrage, but some exchanges will not attempt to fill it if its price falls below or does not match the market price. FOK limit orders placed at the BBO, however, function as FOK market orders. It's worth noting that you have the option of setting a minimum quantity to fill or waiting until the order is filled or cancelled."}
{"1063": "\n\nTo avoid a drop in your credit score, consider working with a mortgage broker instead of multiple banks and finance companies. Every time you apply for a loan, banks and financial institutions perform a hard pull on your credit score, resulting in a loss of a few points. If you visit several lenders, you could lose up to 24 points, and you may also signal that you are seeking money. However, if you work with a mortgage broker, they will only perform a single hard pull on your credit score, then present your loan request to several lenders, some of which you may not have considered. This approach costs only two points instead of 24. Note that if you only intend to visit one financial institution or have a particular lender in mind, the drop in credit score is only a few points. The above advice pertains only to those making loan inquiries at multiple institutions."}
{"1064": "\n\nConsider discussing with your new employer the possibility of sponsoring a 401k plan. You might have options available to invest even if they don't offer a match, and this can raise your contribution limits. If your employer doesn't match, they may only have to pay administrative costs. Additionally, if you have a side business, you could be eligible for \"self-employed\" options such as SEP or Simple, which could allow you to contribute up to $15k, but it's necessary to confirm the details of these options."}
{"1065": "\n\nAssuming taxes were withheld upon receiving the options, you will only owe tax on the profit from the sale of the stock. In this case, the cost basis is the strike price of the options, and the profit equals the total amount received from the sale minus the shares' total cost. Since the stock was purchased over a year ago, you will be taxed at the long-term capital gains rate of 15% unless your tax bracket is 39.6%, in which case the rate is 20%. It is important to note that you should consult with a tax specialist to get accurate information when filing taxes. This information should provide you with a rough estimate of your tax liability."}
{"1066": "\n\nBond ETFs are a type of bond mutual fund that allows for convenient trading of mutual fund shares in the same way that stocks are traded, with small share-size increments. This concept applies to both stock and bond funds. When purchasing these securities, it's important to consider the purchase fees and expense ratios. Different brokerages may charge varying amounts for security purchases, with some offering their own mutual funds at no trading fees but charging fees for ETFs. It's worth noting that some mutual funds have multiple classes, such as Vanguard's Investor, Admiral, and ETF classes, all with different minimum initial investments and expense ratios. While choosing between mutual funds and ETFs can be important, choosing a broker and fund type is often more crucial, with some brokers imposing high purchase or redemption fees for mutual funds and few offering free ETF trades. Additionally, index funds, which passively track certain indexes, typically have lower expense ratios than actively managed funds that aim to outperform the market but often underperform compared to index funds. See Vanguard's and Investopedia's explanations of mutual funds vs. ETFs for more information."}
{"1067": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhen you give an order to a broker, you are essentially commanding them to sell a certain number of shares, say 100 shares of AAPL. If the broker successfully executes the entire order, it is called an executed order. If the order is only partially executed, it is referred to as a partially executed order. A transaction, on the other hand, is the actual exchange of shares for money. It is possible to have one or more transactions per executed order.\n\nFor instance, the broker may perform multiple transactions to carry out your request, possibly involving selling five sets of 20 shares each. If the broker is not able to execute your order, no transactions occur. \n\nThe fee schedule for transactions will be charged regardless of how many transactions are involved in filling the order or what the share prices are. For instance, a broker may only charge you $0.005 per share, subject to certain limits, regardless of what it takes to fill the order, as long as the limitations are not exceeded. Keep in mind that our Fixed pricing for stocks, ETFs (Exchange Traded Products, or ETPs), and warrants involves passing on some transaction fees to the client. Therefore, while fixed pricing may seem less variable, it still may not be the same for all trades. \n\nFor example, SEC fees vary and depend on factors such as share prices. When selling 100 shares of AAPL at $150 per share or 100 shares of AMZN at $940 per share, the broker will still charge a $0.50 fee for both orders. However, keep in mind that the SEC fee will differ based on the share prices. That means that the SEC fee is passed on to you, and it may vary depending on the price of the shares being traded. \n\nIt is important to note that the specific SEC fee mentioned in this context applies only to the seller and not the buyer. That is why the fee is called an aggregate sales fee rather than an aggregate trade value fee. The SEC fee is therefore only charged on sells rather than buys, which is highlighted to the reader."}
{"1068": "\n\nYou have defined net profit to include all sources of income, including expenses such as finance costs and tax expenses. According to line 9 of the provided PDF, the net profit for the quarter ending on June 30, 2015 is 12.58. However, it is not possible to review this information solely based on the linked PDF. Additionally, it should be noted that the figures have not been audited by a trusted third party, therefore the accuracy of the information cannot be guaranteed."}
{"1069": "\n\nIf you plan to refinance a conforming mortgage (Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac), avoid FHA and opt for HARP refinance. This option won't increase your mortgage insurance, even if your home value has taken a dip. Besides, HARP also puts a cap on risk-based pricing adjustments, ensuring a genuinely affordable interest rate. In contrast, FHA mortgages keep you tied to mortgage insurance for years, even after achieving an 80 percent loan-to-value ratio, which adds to the upfront expenses. It's not worth considering this option in your situation."}
{"1070": "\n\nRevised: As a non-resident of Canada, you are not obligated to pay capital gains tax. However, it's important to note that many banks may not allow non-residents to make trades, as they may not have your current address on file to comply with OSC regulations. You must fill out paperwork for withholding tax on OAS/CPP payments but the process can vary depending on the country you reside in. Additionally, while it's unlikely, you should still be aware that you may potentially owe taxes in any other countries you have income in."}
{"1071": "\n\nRevised: When faced with situations like this, it is important to be aware of the existence of tax treaties between countries, as these can help prevent double taxation. In fact, tax treaties often offer more favorable tax rates than those applicable to residents of the countries involved. For example, the tax rate between Italy and the US is lower than that for doing business in many parts of the United States. You can use this information to guide your Google search for relevant treaties, such as the one between Germany and Spain provided in this link (http://tmagazine.ey.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/2011G_CM2300_Spain-Germany-sign-new-tax-treaty.pdf), which reveals a 5% dividend tax rate under that treaty as opposed to Spain's income tax rate of 18%. To minimize taxes, consider deferring taxes in the lower tax jurisdiction and paying a large one-time dividend when convenient. Avoid being taxed at the entity level by structuring your business in a way that ensures earnings are always distributed to non-resident owners as dividends. This way, you can avoid the 15% federal corporate tax in Germany and the 18% income tax in Spain, and instead pay just 5% tax on Spanish dividends. Do consult a tax attorney to help interpret the regulations and seek further information on the tax credit that Spain may offer if you pay taxes in Germany. There are several strategies available to lower your tax footprint in cases like this."}
{"1072": "\n\nPrior to the Enron scandal, many companies required the 401K match to be in company shares. However, due to changes in the law, this practice is no longer permitted. As a result, most employees have only a small percentage of their retirement savings in company shares. Although the ESOP and 401K are not the same, in my company, the number of participants in the company stock purchase program decreases every year. Therefore, even if there were a spike in volume, it would be minimal due to the small proportion of retirement funds invested in company shares. My employer's ESOP plan deducts money from employee paychecks and purchases shares once a quarter, allowing for better management of purchases. In my previous employment, most ESOP participants only held the shares for the minimum time, resulting in a steady stream of shares being sold."}
{"1073": "\n\nIn today's world, credit unions have become small \"savings and loan\" banks, reminiscent of the banks that existed before bankers found ways to make money beyond writing loans. While credit unions may not always offer better interest rates or cheaper loans than traditional banks, they do tend to prioritize their depositors and borrowers, treating them as stockholders rather than just customers, making them a more pleasant option to deal with. There are some minor legal differences, for instance, in the type of insurance fund they use, and not everyone is eligible to open an account at any given credit union, depending on the community they serve. However, these differences rarely affect account holders. The main downside of credit unions is that they tend to have few branches, primarily in a limited geographic region. Nevertheless, I have been using a credit union located over 200 miles away from me, across two state lines, for decades now. Through bank-by-mail, bank-by-internet, ATM machines, and the \"branch exchange\" program offered by participating credit unions, I haven't needed to visit the branch in person. On one occasion, however, when I purchased a house for $200,000, I had to go to several different branch-exchange credit unions due to a daily network limit of $50K/CU. This was an unusual situation where I struggled to get the numbers out of the real estate agents until just a few days before the sale. Today, these limitations may have relaxed, but if faced with a similar situation, I would consider taking a scenic drive to visit an actual branch of my own credit union. If you have the opportunity to join a credit union, I highly recommend doing so. Even if you don't use it as your primary account, you will likely appreciate their personalized service when inquiring about loans."}
{"1074": "\n\nSince you have limited cash to start with, the commissions charged may deplete your account. Therefore, it is advisable to choose a reliable brokerage firm with low or no inactivity fees and commissions. You may explore several online trading platforms, with ING Sharebuilder.com being a good option. Another affordable option is Scottrade, which I have personally used."}
{"1075": "\n\nI don't like using percentages - it makes no sense. Instead, determine the market value for rent and pay your partner 50% of that amount. Adjust the payment annually to account for changes in market value. This will protect your partner from inflation and allow them to invest in real estate with confidence."}
{"1076": "\n\nAccording to a response from PayPal, donations can only be enabled for verified non-profit Business PayPal accounts that have been registered under the name of an organization rather than an individual. To be eligible for verification, the PayPal account must go through an authentication process and provide the necessary information. This means that in Croatia, and potentially in Europe, individuals cannot request donations through PayPal."}
{"1077": "\n\nI recommend that you invest in the market that suits you best. However, keep in mind that if you opt for ADRs, there may be certain events you need to monitor as pointed out by duffbeer703. If you are investing with a U.S. account, ADRs could be a better choice as they eliminate currency conversion complications and potential exchange rate problems. Moreover, it might simplify your tax obligations."}
{"1078": "\n\nThis is an excellent question! As a small business owner and entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience, I have started successful businesses in three different states. I have sustained myself on income generated from these businesses for over 20 years, so I know it can be done. The rules, regulations, requirements, and laws for running a business vary by location. Most regulations are local, but some may be federal. Incorporation can be beneficial, but it is not always necessary. Businesses such as landscapers, housekeepers, and babysitters can operate as individuals.\n\nOne must pay taxes by properly recording income and expenses and filing tax returns annually. It is recommended to employ a tax professional to file taxes, as it can be a complicated process. It is important to keep records of all expenses directly and indirectly related to the business. Where indirect business expenses are concerned, a good accountant can help. A business owner should ensure that all their income is recorded and address common costs such as electricity and internet connection which can be counted as legitimate business expenses.\n\nLicenses may be necessary depending on the business activity, and business liability insurance may be a consideration. As far as when the business is considered such, it's arguable, but when a product creation and making an effort to conduct business activity should be taken seriously.\n\nIncorporation can be deferred if one is an individual, and it is not necessary for most small businesses. Incorporating can protect you from a lot of issues, but it is not necessary on day one, so it can be put off until later. If you do incorporate or are an S-corp, you can avoid paying double taxes.\n\nOverall, starting a small business requires effort, including lots of research and planning, but it is an achievable goal."}
{"1079": "\n\nThe previous commenters were correct to reference the prisoner's dilemma, but I would like to provide a more detailed explanation due to my interest in game theory. The prisoner's dilemma is a classic scenario in game theory where it is in the best interest of two or more players to cooperate, but they fail to do so. Wikipedia provides a simple example using prisoners, but I will use Fidel and Charles, who are fund managers at Fidelity and Charles Schwab respectively. In order to shorten the table, I used abbreviations - INC means increase fees, KEEP means keeping fees the same, and DEC means decreasing fees. Here is the dilemma itself, as shown in the table, which displays the resulting market shares if each fund manager follows the course of action suggested. This example is not mathematically rigorous since I fabricated the numbers, but it serves as a good example. The most profitable course of action would be for both fund managers to agree to increase their fees, which would keep their market shares the same but increase their profits as they earn more fees. However, there are several reasons why this would not happen. In a simple example like this, economies of scale exist in the investment fund market. As funds grow larger, their costs decrease. Thus, if a fund manager decreases their fees (betraying the other players), this decrease will not be enough to reduce their profits. In fact, the increased market share resulting from such a decrease may well dominate the decreased fees and lead to higher profits. The prisoner's dilemma is highly applicable to markets like these, which are oligopolies with a small number of established sellers possessing considerable market power. If you wanted to model the market for donor-advised funds using game theory, several additional factors would need to be considered. Naturally, there are more than two firms in the market. It is likely that the market is an oligopoly with significant economies of scale, although I have not extensively researched this. The market for donor-advised funds is complicated by the fact that these are philanthropic funds. This may introduce tax implications or the problem of goodwill and institutional opinion of these funds. Although both funds increasing their fees may increase their profits in theory, institutional investors may look upon this as pure profit-seeking and shift their funds elsewhere. They may choose to invest in smaller funds with higher fees but better reputations. Reputation is important for any company, but it is paramount when the fund/investment vehicle is philanthropic. Although I am not an expert in game theory, there may be other nuances to the situation that I am unaware of."}
{"1080": "\n\nIn truth, I invest modest amounts into reliable stocks on a monthly basis (significantly less than the $50 you mentioned). While financial gain is important, I have also acquired valuable knowledge by monitoring my stocks, which in turn has aided me in selecting better investments. As a result, my portfolio has performed exceedingly well. Therefore, commencing with small, systematic investments is an excellent approach."}
{"1081": "\n\nShould I report this property as a rental or a second home on my 2015 taxes? If you did not rent it out or list it for rent, then it can be considered a second home. However, if it was listed for rent, no matter if tenants were found, by advertising or hiring a property manager, then it cannot be categorized as a second home. The treatment depends on the specifics of the situation. I have heard that if I treat this property as a rental, then I can claim renovation costs on my taxes as a capital expenditure through depreciation over 27.5 years. This is accurate. However, if I view this property as a personal second home, then renovation costs are not tax-deductible. This is incorrect. As a matter of fact, both instances receive the same treatment. Renovation costs are included in determining the basis. In the case of renting, the home can be depreciated, and any renovations are included in that. In personal use cases, depreciation is not permitted, but renovation costs are still added to the basis, and therefore are not viewed as personal expenses. What about mortgage interest? Is it deducted from gross income or only rental income? If it is a personal use property, you can deduct mortgage interest up to a point on your Schedule A, contingent on other itemized deductions. For a rental, mortgage interest is deducted from rental income on Schedule E. There is no limit to the deduction, but some may be deferred if it exceeds income, provided that the rental is at fair market value. In conclusion, if treating it as a rental, report it as a rental, and if not, do not."}
{"1082": "\n\nIt should be noted that professional traders pay for incredibly fast access and compete fiercely for even the smallest advantages in speed, down to the level of nanoseconds. Your system, on the other hand, is several orders of magnitude slower than what these traders use. This has significant implications for the type of automated trading you plan to undertake. While Pico's statement may be an exaggeration, it's true that at the processor level and in terms of prioritizing transactions, every fraction of a second matters in this industry. A delay of even a millisecond can have a substantial impact."}
{"1083": "\n\nIn the United States, many banks aim to collect $100 in fees and interest markup per account each year. There are various ways they can achieve this on a checking account, assuming a 3% difference between low-interest-rate deposit accounts and low-interest-rate loans or a combination of markups. For instance, a $2 monthly fee equates to $24 per year, a $2,000 average balance at 0.05% earns $29 per year, $250 monthly in rewards debit card usage translates to $24 per year, and $2 per month in ATM fees adds up to $24 annually. Before Chase Manhattan's acquisition in 2008, Washington Mutual offered \"free\" checking accounts with no monthly or annual charges and no fees for using their ATMs. However, overdraft fees were not free, and if customers averaged three per year at $34 each, the bank could reach its markup target for the accounts."}
{"1084": "\n\nIn my opinion, there is no significant difference between asset management companies that are part of a large banking group and those that are independent. These companies typically operate independently from the rest of the bank and have strict procedures in place to ensure that client information is not shared with other parts of the bank. These companies also have the same fiduciary duties as independent asset managers and may use the services of other banks for brokers and dealers. Reputation management is crucial for banks, and conflicts of interest are typically handled correctly. Furthermore, independence is not always a constant. Neuberger Berman is an excellent example of a company that was once independent but lost its independence when it merged with Lehman Brothers in 2003. However, when Lehman went bankrupt in 2008, NB did not join its parent company in bankruptcy, and its clients' assets were not lost. The company continued to operate until it was acquired by management. Finally, the difference between these companies is mostly a matter of marketing and positioning."}
{"1085": "\n\nIn similar cases, a condominium holds an EIN, just like any other business. Even without factoring in rental income, the condo ought to have allocated reserve funds, which are like an individual's savings for emergencies, although they are more structured in terms of balance and transactions. These funds should generate interest."}
{"1086": "\n\nIt is essential to set both long-term goals and milestones to achieve those goals. As mentioned in my previous article about saving 15% of one's income, I presented a table that illustrates savings starting at age 20 and ending at 60, resulting in 18-1/2 year's worth of income saved due to investment returns. If we follow the 4% rule, the 18-1/2 year's savings would replace 74% of one's income at retirement. Keep in mind that this number can be adjusted depending on factors such as Social Security replacing 30% and a decrease in spending during retirement. Therefore, it may be possible to save less than what the table shows. The most critical aspect of this table is that it serves as a starting point, indicating that by age 30, one should aim to have at least 2X their income saved. However, it may be more rational to have 1X income saved instead.\n\nCurrently, you have saved slightly over half of 1X income, and you plan on spending almost half of your savings on a single purchase. Achieving financial independence involves creating a sustainable income without relying on employment. The best way to do this is by having a high saving rate. Although your income seems stable now, it is possible that it is relatively new, which may explain why you do not have over $200K saved in the bank. I suggest that you research various investment options, including retirement accounts such as 401(k), IRA, and Roth IRA. Unfortunately, the information you have provided does not allow me to be more specific about your situation."}
{"1087": "\n\nIn your situation, I do not believe that is the case. Unless your account generates a significant amount of interest income that exceeds the reporting threshold, which is likely in the hundreds or thousands of dollars, you may receive a 1099 form if it generates over $10 in interest income. However, if your overall income is too low, you are not required to file taxes. It is important to note that the US only taxes income and not assets. While some states such as Florida may have unique tax treatment for intangible assets, it is unlikely to apply in your case. In the event that the amount in your account exceeds $10,000, you may be required to report it to your home country."}
{"1088": "\n\nRevised: Obtaining a clear answer from a trusted source about the taxation of in-game assets can be a challenge. Although you may seek guidance from an experienced accountant or lawyer, the legal definition of in-game assets is complex, making it difficult to determine who truly owns the data - the individual or the company that created and manages the MMO servers. While you can purchase and exchange data on these servers, the company owns everything within their system and has the right to terminate your access at any time, rendering your virtual accounts worthless. For this reason, most countries have refrained from taxing in-game inventory as it is challenging to define. However, exchanges for local currency are generally taxed as a typical sale. Depending on your region, there may be tax codes for digital goods sales. The bottom line is that comprehensive information on this topic may be scarce online, as laws are still evolving, and you'll likely require the guidance of an accountant, lawyer, or both to determine how best to pay taxes on transactions involving in-game assets."}
{"1089": "\n\ntopic that vary from one country to another, but the UK definition provided by the HMRC serves as a reference point. Essentially, dividends should be paid out of company profits from the current or prior financial years, with the latter often referred to as retained earnings. Keep in mind that specific details on this matter may differ depending on where you are located."}
{"1090": "\n\nThe term \"secondary market\" is frequently used to refer to the stock market, which is the well-known public exchange where securities are bought and sold. The primary market, on the other hand, is the exclusive realm of VCs, business angels, and other investors that is not open to stock market investors. In this case, the securities are not publicly traded on the stock market."}
{"1091": "\n\nThere are multiple reasons why this practice is unacceptable. Firstly, if a business owner claims personal expenses as business expenses, they are reducing the company's profit and evading taxes, which is illegal. Secondly, if someone who is not the sole owner does the same, the company's profit is reduced, and this may lead to fraudulent behavior. Thirdly, if the owner(s) of a limited liability company withdraw excessive amounts of money with the intention of leaving the company with too much debt, then that would be considered bankruptcy fraud. Apart from being morally wrong, engaging in such practices can result in a loss of control over the company's finances and lead to negative consequences for all involved. In some cases, this may even lead to situations where employees may not be paid. Therefore, it is crucial to maintain transparency and honesty while handling business expenses."}
{"1092": "\n\nConsider this scenario: There is a store in the heart of downtown Manhattan that has been owned by a family for a century. Unfortunately, the current generation lacks the necessary business acumen to manage the store effectively, causing it to suffer significant financial losses. However, the land on which the store is situated is highly valuable and worth millions of dollars. As such, the worth of this asset surpasses that of the store itself. The cost of acquiring the land rights would be substantially different from that of purchasing the entire business."}
{"1093": "\n\nThe accuracy of the calculation is contingent upon whether the company's all-time high intraday trading price or all-time high closing price is used. It has come to my attention that some calculations utilize non-public pricing data, such as bid-offer numbers from market makers, which is not considered ethical. Consequently, it is probable that the figures presented were calculated at different points in time. To provide context, I believe Apple has surpassed Microsoft's highest-ever market cap with a nominal value in excess of $700 billion. If interested, kindly find a thought-provoking article about the comparison of the highest market caps ever in the following link."}
{"1094": "\n\nRevised: Once you have complete ownership of your land, obtaining a land patent is crucial as it provides the highest level of title to it. This dates back to the time when the US acquired the land through treaties with other nations such as Britain or France which even supersede our Constitution. With a land patent, you have complete ownership of your land. I apologize for including a link to my site, but this information is so pertinent that it had to be included. Thank you for your understanding."}
{"1095": "\n\nConstruction loans have a distinct set of regulations and considerations that differ from traditional mortgages, making it difficult to combine the two. Additionally, financial institutions may be hesitant to approve a home loan before assessing the progression of the building process. This would necessitate the inclusion of numerous contingencies in the mortgage agreement, which may not cover all possible circumstances."}
{"1096": "The major credit bureaus primarily use the Fair Isaac scoring model, with various customized versions offered by each bureau. FAKO scores, which refer to non-FICO scores offered by various companies, have little value to lenders and do not align closely with FICO scores. Various editions of the FICO scoring model have been released since its introduction in 1989, each using a different formula and producing a different score, and lenders may continue to use older versions for years after new editions are released. FICO also offers Industry Option versions customized for different types of loans and credit, which have a different score range from the classic versions. Consumers may have different FICO scores from each bureau even with identical credit information due to the customized versions used. As of February 2016, the FICO Score 9 is available directly to consumers and includes changes such as unpaid medical debts having less of a negative effect on scores. While the financial community has input in how current scoring models work, a unified single scoring model does not exist, and the credit bureaus keep the details of their modifications private."}
{"1097": "\n\nI would rely solely on my salary from my job in the US. Without a job secured in the US, obtaining a visa to relocate and search for one is improbable. Therefore, the matter of how to financially support oneself beyond a vacation is irrelevant. This is unless you hold dual citizenship in both Portugal and the US."}
{"1098": "\n\nThe rate of inflation refers to the increase in general price levels over a given period of time. The rate of return over the rate of inflation is known as the real rate of return. For example, if a currency has a 2% rate of inflation and your investment earns a 3% rate of return, your real rate of return is only 1%. However, a problem with inflation is that it is always based on past data, while investment returns are based on future projections. One way to determine an expected rate of inflation is through foreign exchange futures and other market instruments. It's important to note that when comparing investments, if they are in the same currency, inflation has no effect. But when comparing investments in different currencies, the rate of inflation may become a significant factor."}
{"1099": "\n\nI previously provided an extensive response regarding variable annuities in another post, but I would like to highlight a particular situation where they may be beneficial. To simplify, I will quote my previous response: \"In around 75% of US states, variable annuity assets are safeguarded from creditors. Conversely, standard IRA's do not receive the same protection under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and could be more vulnerable to creditors. If you anticipate being a potential lawsuit target, such as a physician concerned about medical malpractice claims, a variable annuity could be a viable solution. Nonetheless, it is always prudent to seek advice from legal or tax professionals to determine if this option is appropriate for your circumstances.\" Furthermore, the SEC offers a resourceful publication about variable annuities that may assist in making an informed purchasing decision. While not directly related to this inquiry, it does contain valuable information to evaluate various policies."}
{"1100": "\n\nI analyze various ratios and their patterns over time, such as the decrease in valuation during a recession or the lowest multiple observed during the Lehman crisis in 2008. Additionally, I explore how economic conditions impact a company's profitability, including identifying metrics like enterprise value to earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), enterprise value to sales (especially for fast-growing businesses), price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, operating margin (EBIT/sales), cashflow/sales, and stability of the business model along with relevant news developments."}
{"1101": "\n\nThe response to your query is determined by your country of residence and not the trading partner you choose. If you are living outside the US, you may have to pay taxes on dividends, but the application of these taxes can be different under specific circumstances. The tax treaty that your country has with the US could affect this, and nations such as Australia, Canada, and the UK have favorable tax treaties that prevent double taxation. To determine the tax implications, it is necessary to research the tax treaty terms in your home country. Please note that each country's tax regulations are unique."}
{"1102": "\n\nI don't believe that it's necessarily more difficult to invest in commodities compared to stocks. Rather, it's different, and largely depends on the type of stocks you're referring to. For example, when we look at large cap stocks, the players involved are often different than those in the commodities market. Companies and governments tend to hedge in the commodities futures market, while entities investing in large cap stocks tend to do so primarily for investment purposes (although HFT does exist in this space as well). \n\nFutures often offer higher leverage, lower spreads, and lower commissions compared to stocks, which can make them more attractive to retail and institutional speculators (as well as HFT traders). Additionally, commodity prices tend to react more strongly to news events and geopolitical developments than stocks do, making them more volatile overall. \n\nAll of this, combined with the higher leverage and HFT activity, can result in some truly astounding price movements. Ultimately, the key difference between commodities and large cap stocks lies in the players and how they behave - though liquidity can also be a factor to consider."}
{"1103": "\n\nAfter closing the business, it is important to demonstrate that the corporation is bankrupt and the funds are not recoverable. This will allow you to classify it as an investment loss. It is advisable to seek assistance from a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA) in your state, as well as possibly consulting with an attorney, to receive guidance on the technicalities involved."}
{"1104": "\n\nThe reason for reporting to all three credit bureaus is that lenders typically do not check all three. Therefore, a negative mark on one report may be overlooked by a future lender who only pulls from one or two agencies. Reporting to multiple agencies is generally more cost-effective than querying from them. Furthermore, since those reporting are also those querying, they have an incentive to continue reporting to all bureaus and expect others to do the same. Each agency calculates the credit score independently, using the information reported to them. If you only report a negative item to Experian, the TransUnion and Equifax scores for the same person will appear higher."}
{"1105": "\n\nEdward S. Shaw and Ronald I. McKinnon from Stanford coined the term \"Financial Repression\" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_repression) to describe a situation where governments take advantage of people who rely on savings rather than spending. In this scenario, saving rates are much lower than the inflation rate, resulting in financial market instability and artificially low interest rates that are historically very low compared to the average 10% interest rate. These conditions may be a precursor to hyperinflation."}
{"1106": "\n\nThe meaning of the term is not clear as it can be interpreted in two ways: its broad semantic and metaphorical meaning, and its mechanical interpretation. Although net buying/selling has a clear meaning in the former sense, it is not as straightforward in the latter sense where it is unclear which variables in the market represent this quantity. The only way prices move is through matching a buyer and a seller, resulting in an instantaneous balance across the bid/ask spread. However, in reality, there are standing orders at various prices, and a measure of the volume at different price levels in each of the bid/ask books could be used to determine the net buying/selling. Nevertheless, actual transactions only occur when matched across the spread, so the addition of a large order volume on one side or the other that is far away from the bid/offer is irrelevant to the notion of net buying/selling. The closest thing to actual market mechanics is the comparative total volumes during the period that would have still been executed if forced to execute at the end of the period price. Assuming that traders' valuations are fixed through the period in question and trading occurs on the basis of fundamentals, we have two cases. If the price falls, we can assume that all buyers who executed above the last price in the period would have happily bought at the last price while all sellers who executed below the last price in the period would also be happy to sell for more. The former will be larger than the latter. If the price rises, the reverse is true."}
{"1107": "\n\nI have found a Point-to-Point Returns tool, which may be useful for you."}
{"1108": "\n\nHello team! I have found answers to parts 1 and 2, which I have included below. However, I still need assistance with part 3. According to the article, a LLC may be able to contribute profit sharing of up to 25% of wages paid for SE tax. I am unsure which part of the SE tax this applies to, but I believe it is intended for the taxable portion of income. However, since I have crossed the SS portion of the SE tax, I cannot be certain. \n\nThe following is the information I found: \n\nFor a Sole Proprietorship Employee Deferral, the owner can contribute a maximum of $17,500 to a Solo 401(k) plan for 2013. Those over 50 years old can contribute an additional $5,500. The deadline to formally elect to make an employee deferral contribution is December 31st, with the actual contribution possible until the tax-filing deadline. Pre-tax and/or after-tax (Roth) funds can be used for employee deferral contributions. \n\nFor Profit Sharing Contribution, a sole proprietorship may make annual profit-sharing contributions for the owner and spouse. Employer contributions are limited to 25% of the business entity's income subject to self-employment tax, with schedule C sole-proprietors basing their maximum contribution on earned income. IRS Publication 560 contains a step-by-step worksheet for calculating this. A business entity's Solo 401(k) contributions for profit-sharing must be made by its tax-filing deadline. \n\nFor Single Member LLC Employee Deferral, the owner can contribute a maximum of $17,500 to a Solo 401(k) plan for 2013. Those over 50 years old can contribute an additional $5,500. The deadline to formally elect to make an employee deferral contribution is December 31st, with the actual contribution possible until the tax-filing deadline. Pre-tax and/or after-tax (Roth) funds can be used for employee deferral contributions. \n\nFor Profit Sharing Contribution, a single-member LLC business may make annual profit-sharing contributions for the owner and spouse. Employer contributions are limited to 25% of the business entity's income subject to self-employment tax, with schedule C sole-proprietors basing their maximum contribution on earned income. IRS Publication 560 contains a step-by-step worksheet for calculating this. A single-member LLC's Solo 401(k) contributions for profit-sharing must be made by its tax-filing deadline."}
{"1109": "\n\nI suggest that your premiums are not a waste, since they fund unemployment insurance, serving as a safety net for individuals who lose their jobs. Such insurance acts as a catalyst for success, allowing entrepreneurs to pursue business ventures with less fear of failure. For example, if someone started a business with the support of unemployment insurance and became successful, you may now work for that same company. I believe it benefits society to maintain a closer proximity between the bottom and top of the socioeconomic ladder. Contributing to the unemployment insurance fund indirectly presents you with opportunities."}
{"1110": "\n\nRevised text: Differentiating Between \"Good\" and \"Bad\" Debt in the Context of Credit Card Debt Reduction in the UK. It can be a smart strategy to lower the cost of credit card debt in the UK. However, there are some factors to keep in mind."}
{"1111": "\n\nThere are advantages to holding a portion of your savings in foreign countries, but there are also some drawbacks to holding funds in foreign banks. It's important to note that simply transferring funds to a foreign jurisdiction will not help you evade taxes or hide evidence of a crime. Most methods of transferring money are easily traceable, and any illegal methods come with stiff penalties if you get caught. Some jurisdictions have strict banking privacy laws, but transferring the funds out of the country will put you back on the radar, and the funds may be flagged for investigation. Money laundering is a criminal activity that can be conducted without the involvement of banks. However, there are legitimate reasons for creating legal distance between yourself and your money using a corporate structure, particularly if you are a tax resident of certain jurisdictions. If interested, there is a comprehensive article about Offshore Basics linked in this answer. It's worth considering geopolitical diversification of your financial assets, but it's important to do so with caution and within the boundaries of the law. As a US citizen with bank accounts in several countries, I have no affiliation with the website linked in this answer, but I found it to be a good source of supporting content."}
{"1112": "\n\nThe purpose of a \"hold\" is to prevent overspending until the transaction is settled, and it serves as a temporary placeholder. Contrary to popular belief, the merchant is not holding your money; rather, your bank or card provider is protecting itself from you overdrawing. Typically, credit transactions take 1-3 days to settle which may not be an issue with credit cards, but could pose a problem for debit and pre-paid cards due to their spending power being contingent on available balance. While some users may opt for a debit or stored value card to prevent overspending, I view their use as unnecessary without compelling reason. For further information on this subject, I have addressed additional questions in detail."}
{"1113": "\n\nThe fundamental issue you're overlooking is that options buyers are not required to exercise their options. Instead, they can sell them to someone else, or choose to let them expire and take a loss if they're out of the money. It's not uncommon for traders to purchase both a put and call option, known as a \"straddle,\" where both options have the same strike price and expiration date. According to Investopedia, this strategy allows investors to profit regardless of whether the security's price increases or decreases, as long as it changes significantly. Learn more about straddles at: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/straddle.asp#ixzz4ZYytV0pT."}
{"1114": "\n\nOne instance where the phrase \"will not be quoted ex\" is used is during a corporate action such as a spin-off. In such cases, both the rights to and the spin-off itself may be separately listed on the home country exchange. However, if the company is based overseas, they may find it impractical to have additional securities listings on the local US exchange, given the cost involved. For instance, in November 2016, Yamana Gold (TSX: YRI, NYSE: AUY) announced that it would initiate an initial public offering of a spin-off (Brio Gold, listed on TSX as BRIO). Existing shareholders received one share of the spin-off for every 16 shares held of YRI (or AUY), with these rights being traded separately in advance of the IPO of the spin-off on TSX under \"YRI.RT\". However, in the prospectus, the company stated that the rights \"will not be quoted ex\" on NYSE, which means there was no separate listing of these rights on NYSE. Although the wording may seem counter-intuitive, it may be the result of the lawyers who prepared the prospectus, who used specific words that may have a particular meaning under the law (e.g., from a statute or previous case)."}
{"1115": "\n\nInvestopedia offers excellent tutorials on stocks, as well as a simulator that allows one to experiment without risking their hard-earned money. Check out their resources at http://www.investopedia.com/university/stocks/ and http://www.investopedia.com/simulator/."}
{"1116": "\n\nOne approach is to generate Journal Entries that would debit asset accounts associated with the items and credit an Open Balance Equity account. The value of these contributions should be determined with the assistance of an accountant, as it depends on the lesser of the adjusted basis versus the fair market value. The depreciated amounts are considered business expenses, and the depreciation adjusts the company's basis for calculating capital gains/losses when sold. If multiple partners are involved or if your accountant prefers, the Open Balance Equity can be debited, and the owner's contribution can be credited to a capital account in their name representing their basis when sold. From an accounting perspective, if the Open Balance Equity account comes to zero, directly crediting the capital accounts could be done, but it is recommended to use Open Balance Equity for identifying initial equity percentages and identifying contributors who may need to contribute more to the partnership."}
{"1117": "\n\nI encountered a comparable scenario where the debtor had no affiliation with our organization except for having our phone number in the past. We attempted to follow the appropriate protocol to handle the matter, but it proved unsuccessful. Ultimately, I became extremely hostile towards the callers and redirected the number to an exasperating location."}
{"1118": "\n\nRevised: Your personal work on your own site is not relevant here as it is considered a part of your trade and does not qualify as a service provided to others. The benefits of that work align with your business rather than you personally. For instance, if your business sells televisions, taking one from stock for your personal use would count as paying yourself with the TV instead of cash, and is therefore considered a business expense. On the other hand, using a TV from stock as a demo model would be part of your trade and not withdrawn as a good for personal use. \n\nRegarding services provided to your dad, it depends on whether you are offering them as part of your business or on a personal level. If you give your dad a free TV, it is evident that you have paid yourself with another TV and then gifted it to him. However, with services, it is unclear whether you are receiving them for free or providing them yourself. It would be best to consider how your employer would handle the situation if you were not self-employed, as using the company's resources for personal use or offering services to others may be considered stealing and could result in disciplinary action."}
{"1119": "\n\nIt does not seem logical to accept an offer with a negative value. This offer has two components - one that provides a gain and one that results in a loss. The benefit is that half of your losses will be covered while the cost is that half of your profits will be lost. In order for this to be a net gain for you, you must expect to gain more than you will lose. However, if you expect that the investment has negative value, it's unclear why you would choose to invest. Additionally, this offer does not align the incentives of both parties. As the person investing, you are incurring an opportunity cost while the person making the investment decision is not. Therefore, they have an incentive to be conservative with their choices. For example, if you could make 1% in a low-risk CD, the person investing might prefer to put you in something that is expected to yield only 0.5% (since they get to keep half the profits at no cost to themselves). However, you would likely prefer to just put your money in the CD, allowing you to keep the full 1% profit, rather than just half of a 0.5% profit."}
{"1120": "\n\nFirst, avoid using Yahoo's XBRL data for financial analysis. Instead, obtain the information directly from the source by visiting the SEC website (http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html). There, search for Facebook, select their latest 10-Q report, and refer to the income statement on page 6. This method allows for more accurate analysis, as Yahoo has been known to omit significant financial details. While you can scrape data from Yahoo, it's best to retrieve XBRL data straight from EDGAR, although there are learning curves to account for.\n\nSecond, when calculating free cash flow (FCF) for heavily indebted companies, you shouldn't exclude interest expense from your calculations. Rather, start from net income and adjust accordingly. The normal \"indirect\" form of the statement of cash flows is an excellent resource for this process. Essentially, cash flow from operations should be subtracted from capital expenditures (found in the cash flow from investments section). It's worth noting that Yahoo's cash flow statement lines do not sum to the provided totals.\n\nWhen calculating working capital, be sure to subtract current liabilities from current assets, not total liabilities from total assets. Furthermore, changes in working capital should reflect the difference in net current assets from the previous quarter. Subtracting a single quarter's operating results from the company's accumulated equity capital will result in an inaccurate representation that does not reflect the statement of cash flows. Additionally, ensure that you're using the correct numbers and data from the current quarter.\n\nFinally, it's worth noting that Facebook does not have negative FCF."}
{"1121": "\n\nIf you purchase 5 shares at a price of $20 each, it will cost you $100, plus any brokerage fees. Even if the total brokerage fee is just $10 for both buying and selling, you will require a 20% increase in share price just to break even. In order to make a profit, you must sell your shares at a price that is higher than $20. However, since your shareholding is so small, even the most affordable brokerage fee could significantly reduce your overall profits. Alternatively, if you were to purchase 500 shares for $20 each, your total cost would be $1000. The $20 brokerage fee (for both buying and selling) would only represent 2%, instead of 20%, due to the economy of scale principle."}
{"1122": "\n\nPossible options for a company looking to raise capital include: conducting a stock offering, undertaking a secondary placement of shares, increasing the authorized number of shares available, or filing for a shelf registration."}
{"1123": "\n\nYears ago, I found myself in a similar situation with my own parents. If the individual seeking a loan is currently not living with their parents and does not have bad credit, then she may apply for a loan without her parents cosigning. However, if she is not living with them and they are not covering her living expenses, they cannot claim her as a dependent. If the person wishes to stand up to their parents, they may politely explain how loans work and state that they will apply on their own if their parents refuse to cosign. This can only be done if they do not reside with their parents. The parents will be required to stop claiming the individual as a dependent if they do not cosign. If the parents refuse, the individual can choose to apply on their own and may warn the parents that they will be held accountable if they continue claiming her as a dependent. The parents may ultimately agree to cosign in order to not lose her as a dependent, which would significantly impact their tax situation. If they do not, the individual may withhold being claimed as a dependent from the parents, which would increase their taxes. Similar options were available to me when my parents refused to cosign for me to live at school. However, those options may have changed since 1999-2000 and vary from state to state. I currently live in Pennsylvania."}
{"1124": "\n\nRevised: The bank's primary interest is to maximize the sale price of the property, although their efforts and time in selling it may be limited compared to that of the owner. They are unlikely to accept a $1 offer. This is because owning $100k is preferable to loaning $100k to a customer. Banks must factor in the possibility of loans not being repaid when valuing them, with riskier loans being discounted more heavily. An unsecured home loan to a customer who has already defaulted, lacks collateral, and must now pay rent and loan repayments would be classified as an extremely high-risk loan."}
{"1125": "\n\nAs someone who has freelanced in South America, I'd be happy to offer some guidance. However, before I do, there are a few questions that you'll need to answer. Firstly, how long are you planning on staying in South America? Will you be back in Ireland by the end of 2017, or will you still be in South America? This is important for tax purposes, as it will determine which country you'll be considered a resident of as of December 31st, 2017. Secondly, while freelancing with a legal working permit is possible in Latin America, it's worth noting that a significant portion of the economy operates \"under the table\". As an expatriate looking to freelance, you'll need to determine who your employer will be - a company, or the owner of a company. Working undeclared is common in Latin America, but there are risks that vary depending on the country you're in and the laws that govern freelancing. You'll also need to consider your health - in Ireland, for example, being out of the country for more than 180 days could result in the loss of national health coverage. It's important to evaluate how many days you'll be out of Ireland and where you'll be as of December 31st, as this could have significant implications for your life."}
{"1126": "\n\nIn my opinion, when participating in a short-selling agreement, at a predetermined point in time, you must transfer ownership of the sold item(s) to the buyer. Whether you already possess the item(s), will purchase your friend's used car, or will obtain enough gold (in the case of commodity exposure hedging), is a matter of reliance. Therefore, it is typical to require a margin or credit line to account for potential failure to deliver upon expiration."}
{"1127": "\n\nThe best answer to the question depends on your desired location as it will dictate your investment priorities. For example, if you want to be around \"cool\" people in Guayaquil, investing in terrain to build a house should be a top priority. It's essential to consider your spouse's opinion on the matter. \n\nIn reality, people are more concerned about \"keeping up\" with their friends or reference group instead of their absolute level of wealth. Not investing in terrain may pose a risk as its value could increase significantly in a short amount of time, making it unaffordable in the future. While investing $250K in Ecuadorian land is relatively easy, investing in stocks is challenging. In this case, you may consider investing in US, European, or other Latin American stocks, indicating a potential desire to leave the country.\n\nIf you are undecided, a sensible asset allocation may be a 50-50 split. However, it's crucial to determine how you want to live your life first and then develop an investment strategy that supports that lifestyle."}
{"1128": "\n\nYes, you can engage in covered call writing without affecting the holding period of your stock, provided that you write a call with a strike price greater than or equal to the previous day's closing price and with at least 30 days to expiration. However, unqualified covered calls can suspend the holding period of your stock, resulting in a short-term gain or loss. To simplify matters, consider selling out-of-the-money calls or trading in an IRA account. Criteria for a qualified covered call (QCC) include having more than 30 days to expiration and a strike price greater than or equal to the first available in-the-money strike price below the previous day's closing price. If the previous day's closing price is $25 or less, the strike price of the call being sold must be greater than 85% of yesterday's closing price. For a previous day's closing price between $60.01 and $150, days to expiration of 60-90, and a strike price greater than 85% but less than 10 points in the money, you may write a covered call two strikes in the money. Lastly, if the previous day's closing price is greater than $150 and days till expiration is greater than 90, a covered call two strikes in the money may be written. Further considerations for rolling a call forward or writing unqualified covered calls for tax advantage are covered in the article found at investorsguide.com."}
{"1129": "\n\nI advise against using class tracking to segregate business and personal operations. It is likely frowned upon by the IRS and courts, and may compromise any limited liability protection. If you need to separate different aspects of your business, such as franchise stores, consider using subaccounts. It may be more cumbersome, but it is a more appropriate and effective method."}
{"1130": "\n\nThis text could be revised as follows:\n\nPaying off a large lump sum like a mortgage is a common situation, and there are many questions and answers on this topic. It doesn't matter if the lump sum came from a sale or an inheritance; the answer is the same. However, it's important to note that the lump sum won't eliminate your second mortgage.\n\nWhen it comes to investing, you have a choice between equity (like stocks) and debt investments (like bonds and mortgages). In your case, you have a unique opportunity to invest in your own mortgage with no investment fee, which may make paying down the mortgage more appealing.\n\nMaking a decision in your specific case is difficult without knowing the rest of your finances. Do you have a substantial 401K heavily invested in stocks? Do you need to save for your children's college education? Do you have an emergency fund? Do you want to invest in income properties? \n\nIf it were me, I would prioritize paying off the mortgage in a timely way, but skipping this step if it's already been accomplished. Also, keep in mind that some banks may agree to a one-time adjustment to lower payments on a mortgage after a large payment.\n\nEliminating the mortgage can make paying for college and retirement easier and reduce the need for life insurance. Plus, it frees up money for fun!"}
{"1131": "\n\nRevised: To illustrate with a brief example, let's say I deposit 1,000 USD initially and then 100 USD every year. I am curious about how much money will be in the savings account after 4 years. The calculation can be expressed using a summation and the corresponding formula (as demonstrated by DJohnM). However, it is important to note that in year 4 (or year 20 if we consider a longer period), the final deposit of $100 will not have time to accrue interest before the account is valued."}
{"1132": "\n\nThe reason for the disparities in shareholder information is due to the limited availability of data sources. Companies are not required to disclose their complete list of shareholders; only large shareholders and significant stakes of interest must be reported, as demonstrated by GoPro's IPO filings accessible on EDGAR. Publicly traded mutual funds occasionally provide reports of their larger holdings, but private investors typically do not disclose any information. Institutional investors frequently trade shares and report only substantial transactions, thus making it difficult to obtain an accurate and comprehensive picture of a company's shareholders. As a result, a reliable snapshot of the information sought is not readily obtainable."}
{"1133": "\n\nIt varies depending on the credit card issuer's policies for issuing replacement cards. In most cases, account history is transferred to the new trade line, preserving payment history, credit limit, and balance. According to major issuers, like American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, and Chase, the new account number will have the same open date and all the original account data, which will then replace the old account number with the applicable history. Although the account number changes, there is no impact on the credit score or a separate trade line for the replacement card."}
{"1134": "You may not fully understand how credit scoring works. Let's begin with the purpose of a credit score which is to assess your level of default risk. When a lender reviews your credit score, they want to understand the proportion of your credit already in use, as this is a significant factor in determining your solvency. If you are utilizing 100% of your credit, it suggests that you may not have the capacity to pay your bills, making you insolvent. Conversely, having a utilization rate of 0% demonstrates that you are financially stable. The majority of credit card users fall somewhere in between these two levels. When it comes to large loans like mortgages and car loans, banks consider your credit score and application-related data like your income and employment history to evaluate your eligibility for a loan. Credit cards are classified as \"revolving\" accounts because they are meant to be used to purchase goods and services, with the expectation that you will pay your balance off in full every month. Based on this information, my recommendation to you would be to take some time to better understand how credit scoring works."}
{"1135": "\n\nI'm grateful that Keshlam and Bobby brought up the availability of free tools from both the IRS and private software companies. Additionally, those seeking personal assistance with their tax returns can locate Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) programs in their area. While walk-in tax clinics are adept at tax preparation, hiring a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) or Enrolled Agent (EA) can provide a higher level of expertise. These professionals can review and compile both your prior and current year's tax returns, and are authorized to represent you before the IRS, including navigating audits and other compliance-related requests. Beyond tax season, accountants can offer guidance on tax planning and various taxable events. It's prudent to establish a relationship with an accountant early, even if you don't yet require representation, as familiarity can save both time and money. The sophistication of tax code lies in its precise definitions and all-encompassing nature, as well as its comprehensive but non-exhaustive lists. Despite the existence of excellent software, only an accountant can offer personalized assistance in navigating such complexities. Finally, savvy people who utilize accountants get the most value when they are familiar with their own financial position, as this allows the accountant to share advanced knowledge. In summary, hiring an accountant is advisable if you require representation before the IRS, struggle with varying definitions in the tax code, or have significant economic events that require appropriate tax treatment."}
{"1136": "\n\nThe decision to take out a loan should be based on two factors: the potential consequences of not being able to repay the loan as planned, and the likelihood of being accepted into a PhD program with a stipend. If there is a possibility of not receiving a stipend, it is important to consider the penalty for failing to repay the loan and the potential need to support oneself after graduation. Additionally, it is important to consider how much earning potential there is after obtaining an undergraduate degree and whether taking out a loan would significantly improve one's financial situation. It may be worth exploring the option of attending a different institution that does not require taking on debt, or assessing whether attending Ecole Polytechnique would benefit one's career goals. Ultimately, the decision to take out a loan should be based on a thorough evaluation of the potential risks and benefits."}
{"1137": "\n\nIt is highly recommended that you seek the assistance of a lawyer for this matter. However, it appears to me that the most straightforward solution would be to establish a partnership between both spouses, where they both hold ownership, and add a provision in the partnership agreement outlining the procedure in case of a partner's demise. It is crucial to involve a lawyer in this process to ensure that all is legally valid and can be sustained in court if necessary."}
{"1138": "\n\nOne option you have is to purchase options. However, your time horizon is a crucial factor to consider due to theta burn. Options are available in weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, and even longer time horizons, known as leaps. Once you have determined your desired time frame, you must also consider the implied volatility of the underlying asset. As an example, if the current price of SPY is hypothetically $100, and you purchase a weekly call option with a strike price of $100.50 priced at $0.55 cents, the underlying asset needs to increase by $0.50 in one day to become profitable. However, at time zero, the option is only worth its intrinsic value, which would be 5 cents if the SPY increased from $100 to $100.55. If you paid 55 cents for the option, and it is worth only 5 cents at expiration, you have lost nearly 91% of your investment. Buying and holding the underlying asset would likely result in a smaller loss since the leverage typically follows a 10x scale. This is why timing is so essential in trading options. You can also calculate how much a stock, like MSFT, contributes to the movement of the SPX in terms of points. You can use this information to make synthetic trades on SPY options or trade MSFT stock on margin, but it is crucial to proceed with caution. Research ETFs that include MSFT stocks, such as the Nasdaq-100 Index Tracking Stock\u00ae (QQQ). Always ensure you understand what you are buying before purchasing anything. Good luck!"}
{"1139": "\n\nThe sale of vested shares can be complex. It is similar to how reinvested dividends are taxed, where the cost basis of newly purchased fund shares increases. It is important to ensure that you have the correct per-share cost basis, as it is easy to confuse the total RSU purchase with the remaining shares. The vesting of stock is a taxable event that results in ordinary income. You then own the stock at that cost basis, and any subsequent sale may be considered long or short term, with profit being calculated based on the extent to which it exceeds that basis. If you received these shares in 2013, you should have already paid taxes at that time. This process has two parts, and a partial sale requires some calculation to determine the remaining basis."}
{"1140": "\n\nLegally speaking, it is best to seek guidance from the Law area of Stack Exchange to ensure compliance. However, in practical terms, the consequences are likely to be minimal. If audited, you can explain to the authorities that you could have claimed certain deductions, but decided not to. They will then make a determination, which may result in no action or an undesired refund. It is unlikely that you will be fined for overpaying unless there is criminal activity involved or if it would cause public embarrassment for a public figure. Overall, the situation can be viewed as \"no harm, no foul.\""}
{"1141": "\n\nGiven the upcoming liquidity crisis, consider investing in bitcoins instead of physical gold. Unlike gold, bitcoins offer liquidity and can be traded globally. With gold, you would have to allocate resources towards secure storage, divisibility, and security which would make you illiquid. However, it's important to note that bitcoin currency is currently more volatile than a Greek government bond."}
{"1142": "\n\nYour intuition is spot on - you don't need to worry about a pension at 25 years old. Unless you happen to be a footballer with a sizeable savings pot that you want to set aside for a rainy day when you can no longer play at your peak, there's no need to focus solely on pensions. This doesn't mean you shouldn't invest, nor save, though. There are several factors to consider.\n\nFirstly, as a young person, you likely have a higher tolerance for risk. Even if a pension fund with a high-risk, high-return strategy isn't quite right for you, there are plenty of other investments to consider. For example, you could invest in further education, health improvements, skills development, building social connections, gaining valuable experiences, property or starting a family or business.\n\nSecondly, as a young professional, you're unlikely to have reached your full earning potential yet. Due to the law of diminishing marginal utility, \u00a3100 per month now has a higher impact on your lifestyle than \u00a3700 will have in 7-10 years time once your earnings plateau. It's easier to save \u00a3700 a month from \u00a33,000 than to save \u00a3100 from \u00a31,300 monthly income.\n\nLastly, let's face it - forty years is a long investment horizon, and many things will change over time. One drawback of UK pensions is that you have limited control of your money until you reach a certain age. Instead, consider saving up a cushion consisting of cash or near-cash assets to cover your expenses for at least two months and up to a year. The exact size depends on your personal needs and situation.\n\nOn a strategic level, it's worthwhile investing any surplus cash into building the foundations of a happy life for the next 40 years. This could include investing in further education or training for yourself or your partner. Consider starting a family, which may help you reach your earning potential faster. Finally, invest in finding something you love and become good at it - cash can help you get there faster. If you were a start-up in front of a huge untapped market, would you rather finance your growth or pay dividends?"}
{"1143": "\n\nPerhaps I can provide further clarification: Your LLC is not a natural person and cannot have taxes withheld on its behalf. Therefore, anyone who pays your company should not withhold taxes. If someone pays you directly and withholds taxes, they are treating you as an employee, and will likely provide you with a W2 form instead of a 1099. To put it simply, your LLC is a separate entity that provides services to other companies. They should not withhold taxes any more than they would when paying for their internet service or utilities."}
{"1144": "\n\nRevised: It's important to acknowledge that you broke the law, even though it may seem victimless. As a parent, I wouldn't have condoned this action and it sets a bad example. To avoid any further issues, it would be best to avoid trading and keep the money in cash until you turn 18. Then, you can transfer the money to your own account and proceed as you wish. Additionally, it's important to pay taxes on any profits made. Your mother did you a favor by paying the taxes on your behalf, which increased her tax bill. As a gesture of goodwill, it would be fair to provide her with at least half of the profits, not just the small percentage you proposed. A 15% cut would be the bare minimum, but I would recommend considering giving all of the profits to her to show appreciation for her help."}
{"1145": "\n\nI am not certain if these machines operate in the same manner in the UK, but in the US, you can often bypass the coin-counting fee by choosing to convert the coins into gift certificates instead of cash. As a regular practice, I exchange my coins for Amazon gift certificates at no charge. While the available gift card options may vary depending on the machine, most of them offer the choice to convert your coins to a voucher or gift certificate to the store where the machine is located, without any fees. Therefore, it is probable that you can make use of the machine to exchange the cash for a type of \"currency\" that can be used to purchase groceries."}
{"1146": "\n\nSimply put, it's best to invest your money into the option with the higher interest rate, be it savings or debt repayment. For instance, if you were to deposit $1000 into each account at the beginning of month A, your savings would amount to $1001.6 at the end of the month ($1000 + 1000 x 2% annual interest / 12). Conversely, if you had a loan to repay, your balance at the end of month A would be $1005.7. (Your initial balance of $17000 plus 6.8% interest for one month would result in a balance of $17096.3; $16000 of which would bring the balance to $16090.6. The difference is $1005.7, which means repaying your loan yields a return about 3.5 times greater than saving your money.)"}
{"1147": "\n\nTo calculate the monthly repayments for the initial $300,000 loan, we can utilize the formula provided by Finance Formulas. The exact workings of this formula may not be immediately clear, but it is derived through induction from a summation that equates the sum of discounted future payments to the present value of the loan.\n\nFor the second part of the question, we are given information that reinvestments cease after nine months, following four investments of $26,374.77 each, resulting in a total of $79,124.31. It can be assumed that each loan is repaid within three years, as there are 36 months remaining after the nine-month reinvestment period. We can then calculate the repayments for these loans.\n\nAdding up the returns from all four loans, we arrive at a total repayment amount of..."}
{"1148": "This should be a comment, however, a location tag is desperately needed for the question. In some countries, such as New Zealand, all insufficient funds transactions are automatically declined unless it's a credit card transaction. This is a standard practice for all banks that operate in NZ. Bouncing a transaction may incur a fee depending on the bank. Any other options must be explicitly arranged in writing with the bank. Personally, having come from a country where declining transactions is the norm, I would be shocked and angry if I didn't have the option to decline an automatic transfer from another account. I would be angry enough to switch banks if the transfer isn't immediately stopped."}
{"1149": "\n\nCrowdfunding has emerged as a viable option for startups seeking to raise small amounts of capital. However, it is important to recognize that it is a risky endeavor. In order to ensure transparency and protect investors, the SEC now regulates crowdfunding under \"Regulation Crowdfunding.\" The SEC has published guides to help startups with their required disclosures and reporting obligations. The Securities Act of 1933 mandates that the offer and sale of securities be registered, unless an exemption from registration is available. The Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 introduced Securities Act Section 4(a)(6), which provides an exemption for certain crowdfunding transactions. The Commission adopted Regulation Crowdfunding in 2015 to implement the requirements of Title III. Eligible companies can now raise capital through Regulation Crowdfunding as of May 16, 2016. While this investment method is relatively new, historical data can be accessed through the SEC's real-time Edgar reporting system once sufficient history is available. To search for all Form C's filed as of December 2, 2016, please visit the system."}
{"1150": "\n\nHow does home ownership fit into a financial portfolio? While some may consider it a hedge against rent or dollar inflation, others view it as a liability with no place alongside other real investments. A home is costly to live in, maintain, and does not offer a return unless sold for more than the total paid. With an outstanding mortgage, owning a home costs money, even without considering property taxes and utilities. The only way to turn a home into an investment is by renting it out for more than the total cost of ownership, but this means that it cannot be lived in.\n\nWhen looking at payments on a home mortgage, it is important to view them as similar to low-risk, low-reward investments. Paying off a mortgage offers the same benefits as putting money into a certificate of deposit with a similar term and return. Additionally, paying off a mortgage improves cash flow over time and helps reduce financial risk. It is important to remember that interest rates may change, and over time, cash flow may improve. If financial circumstances change, it is possible to call the bank to stop extra payments or renegotiate the loan terms. Ideally, all debt should be paid off by the time of retirement, so that fixed expenses can be easily reduced if necessary.\n\nIt is crucial to have some savings in easily accessible and low-risk investments, such as savings accounts or government bonds, before making aggressive payments on loans. This ensures that unexpected expenses, especially those related to homeownership, can be met without incurring more debt. While paying off a mortgage is a valuable form of savings, it is not liquid, unlike stocks, bonds, and other mutual funds. Overall, owning a home requires careful financial planning, with an emphasis on reducing debt and building savings."}
{"1151": "\n\nIt is not always necessary to involve a bank when issuing credit cards. However, companies that do may face legal hurdles, such as regulations concerning usury. One such example is the AmEx network, which not only facilitates card issuance but also issues cards on its own behalf. Despite having sold their banking subsidiary in 2007, AmEx is not considered a bank. In addition, it is possible to obtain a credit card from a bank without necessarily having a banking relationship with that same institution."}
{"1152": "\n\nI have opened a line of credit that is linked to my checking account as a precautionary measure against overdrafts. Despite having not encountered a single overdraft in the past 4 years, I still borrow the minimum amount of $5 from the credit account and repay it the very next day. Although this incurs a tiny fee, I do this twice annually to keep my account active and prevent its closure."}
{"1153": "\n\nI am an investor/lessor of DHA properties, and I have noticed a decline in the agency's standards. Instead of operating as a government agency, they seem to be imitating mediocre real estate agents. Every year, the rental valuation process becomes a tedious task that wastes both time and money for lessors. DHA arbitrarily lowers rents by 10 to 22% and insists on multiple valuations without proper justification. They disregard market evidence and use bullying tactics to coerce lessors into accepting below-market rents, threatening them with expensive third-party reviews, with costs shared between the lessors and taxpayers. DHA's influence on the third-party review process is biased, destroying valuation independence. The DHA-appointed valuer disregards both DHA and API guidelines and market realities, using average rents for the area. Additionally, the DHA charges an exorbitant management fee of 14 to 18%. Selling a DHA property is also challenging. It is time for the relevant authorities to commission an independent investigation into potential corruption and collusion between valuers and DHA, especially considering the affected parties include retirees, pensioners, and others. I have lodged a complaint with the Ombudsman and am awaiting a reply. Fourteen lessors located in a private street near 213 Ray Rd Epping 2121 leased their properties to DHA for more than ten years. Unfortunately, most of these lessors lost up to $10,000 per year because DHA underpaid the market rent. DHA mistakenly sent out rents paid to all lessors. We have invoked the Freedom of Information Act and are awaiting details of rent paid to all fourteen lessors in that private street from 2008 to date."}
{"1154": "\n\n\nTax-exempt interest and dividends attributable to tax-exempt interest must be reported on Form 1040 line 8b (or the corresponding line on Form 1040A). Although it is not directly subject to taxes, it affects the calculation of taxable income and various credits. For instance, tax-exempt interest is considered when determining the amount of Social Security benefits to be included in gross income."}
{"1155": "\n\nInvesting money in a bank savings account is generally safe, though even this option carries some risk. It is important to note that withdrawing cash and storing it somewhere yourself is not without risk. Depending on your location, you may have access to government bonds, mutual funds, or other investment options. When considering investments, it is essential to consider two factors: the amount of time you intend to keep your money invested and your willingness to accept price volatility. Your answers will help determine the appropriate investment asset class(es) for your situation. However, personal belief about which asset class will perform better is paramount in making an investment decision.\n\nIf you want minimal risk, you will likely receive a lower return on investment, whereas higher returns often involve more risk. Keep in mind that this increased risk does not always translate into higher returns, and you may even lose a portion or all of your capital investment. Leveraged investments may result in additional losses.\n\nWhile gold can be a useful component of a diversified portfolio, it is critical not to invest all your money in it or any other single asset class. A well-diversified portfolio should include a variety of investment options such as stocks, government bonds, or precious metals. For further information on investing in precious metals, consider reading Pros & cons of investing in gold vs. platinum?."}
{"1156": "\n\nSome aspects of your situation depend on how your employer handled your notice period. Usually, employers keep employing you until your last day (i.e., they continue covering you on insurance until then). Alternatively, employers may send you home but keep paying you, in which case you remain an employee until your actual last day. Or, they may terminate you on your notice day and offer a severance payment that equals two weeks of pay, as it seems they did in your case. However, your employer should have explained this to you when you left on February 23rd.\n\nAssuming that you work in an at-will state, your employer's actions are legal, but they may not be morally right. Essentially, by terminating you early, they save some costs for your last two weeks of employment. But, in exchange, you lose some insurance and FSA benefits. When your employment terminates, your FSA benefits also end immediately, meaning that any expenses incurred after February 23rd cannot be reimbursed.\n\nThe FSA is not connected to your insurance plan, and you can have either or both. You can still submit claims for expenses incurred before February 23rd during your runout period, which typically lasts between 60-90 days. If you anticipate leaving your job in the future, you will want to time your notice carefully to maximize your benefits if your employer follows the same business practice.\n\nRegarding the HSA/FSA, you cannot contribute to an HSA in a year in which you also have an FSA. The language in the plan considers the timeframe between June 1st to May 31st as a single year. Be cautious about creating an HSA without consulting with a tax professional or more knowledgeable person."}
{"1157": "\n\nIf I own shares in a company, does that entitle me to apply for the position of CEO? The answer is yes, but it is important to note that anyone else can also apply. The decision ultimately lies with the corporate board of directors, who are technically elected by the shareholders. However, in reality, the current CEO usually nominates the board members, and it is uncommon for shareholders to reject the CEO's selections. Occasionally, a group of shareholders will put forth their own candidate for the board, but they rarely succeed. While having a significant ownership stake in a company may provide some social or financial benefits, it does not guarantee any knowledge or capability in running the business."}
{"1158": "\n\nThe expected outcome is that 10 shares will be transferred between owners for $100 each. There may still be an open selling order after this transaction. Market orders with no limits indicate a desire to buy or sell at the current best available price, which is not always practical. Typically, there will be a spread between the bid and ask prices, which is due to the involvement of market makers. These individuals may capitalize on such circumstances, such as by placing appropriately capped orders. It is not advisable to use orders with no limits for stocks with low trading activity. Would you ever purchase or sell something without considering the cost?"}
{"1159": "\n\nEverything on a credit report, including how it's calculated, can be related to real-life scenarios. This fact is crucial for people looking to improve their credit discipline and diet. Utilization, for instance, can be compared to managing any resource, such as water, food, or energy. Would you want to live with someone who excessively consumes resources and wastes water? Payment history speaks for itself, while derogatory remarks signify a lack of responsibility and accountability. Lenders would not want to lend to someone who doesn't care about fixing their mistakes. Credit age is akin to showing the ability to maintain every aspect of a report for a certain amount of time. Total accounts relate to the number of jobs one takes on as a self-employed person, demonstrating how business owners are seen by clients. Hard inquiries are challenging to relate to real-life scenarios, but they can serve as a prevention mechanism to keep a person in check and save them from themselves and the lenders. Overall, understanding these analogies can help people manage their credit better."}
{"1160": "\n\nThe abbreviation \"c.\" likely stands for circa, meaning \"about.\" The phrase \"Regulatory settlements\" is written in blue font, indicating a negative connotation, and the amount is enclosed within parentheses, indicating a loss. The acronyms WB and CB likely refer to wholesale banking and commercial banking, respectively. The term BAU likely denotes \"business as usual\" or activities that are not directly relevant to the project. Incremental investment pertains to additional cash a company allocates towards its long-term capital assets. The abbreviation FX possibly refers to foreign exchange."}
{"1161": "\n\nAfter reviewing the results, you will notice that they display the actual market capitalization of the listed stocks. Typically, those with the most significant price movements are near the $1B capitalization cut-off, which is the minimum value reported. Conversely, companies with the largest market cap are much larger enterprises. Therefore, a 40% price change in a $1B capitalized company results in a $400M market cap shift, whereas a 4% fluctuation in a $100B capitalized company causes a $4B market cap variation. The list that includes the 40% shift will make the \"price\" category, while the other will appear in the \"market cap\" list."}
{"1162": "\n\nBorrowing from an IRA is not permitted. However, if a withdrawal is made, it must be deposited into another IRA account within 60 days, creating a short-term loan. This may not be a desirable solution. If the withdrawn amount is redeposited within the 60-day period, it is permissible. Otherwise, taxes will be due on the untaxed amount, along with a 10% penalty, per the IRS' Publication 590. I am familiar with the content of this publication, though not by page number."}
{"1163": "\n\nThe statement \"Most option traders don't want to actually buy or sell the underlying stock\" is incorrect. The author may only be referring to the buy side of options trading. On the sell side, delta hedging is a common practice where options desks buy an appropriate amount of underlying stock to match the delta position of the option sold. They also adjust their hedge position whenever the delta changes due to underlying price changes, which incurs a cost to the bank, making them short volatility or short VEGA. Buying options can be seen as paying someone to execute a specific trading strategy. Those who sell options are happy to buy them back at a discount, but unrolling the hedging position costs the bank. It is important to note that warrants have more specific regulations than options when listed on stock exchanges. When buying back an option, the underlying hedging positions are unwound to synthesize the option. The author has two years of experience as a desk developer on a warrant desk."}
{"1164": "\n\nIn a previous comment, I inquired about the frequency of grocery purchases. As a means of simplification, I will assume weekly purchases are made. If a roommate is present during the week following a grocery purchase, they are responsible for paying their share based on their outlined preferences. To determine the amount owed, you must track grocery costs by category for that week and calculate each person's balance accordingly. If there is a partial week with fewer people who will be in attendance due to holiday or other circumstances, the groceries purchased will reflect this, and the cost of shares will decrease accordingly. Preferences only need to be indicated once, and attendance will be taken on a weekly basis. \n\nThe only issue remaining is how to record shares. One approach is to predict consumption in advance; for example, if a person typically consumes 3 shares of milk and .5 shares of butter, these amounts can be added up for the week, and the bill can be divided accordingly. However, this method requires predicting consumption, which may not always be accurate. An alternative approach is to calculate based on actual consumption. This involves a deposit paid by all to create the initial grocery supply, to be refunded when a person leaves the co-op. Shares would be calculated by who participated in the week prior to the grocery purchase. This method allows for mid-week refreshes if any item incurs higher than expected consumption, with the mid-week bill paid and added to the end-of-week refresh trip."}
{"1165": "\n\nI highly recommend starting a limited company for this venture. Separating your business and personal identities will simplify spreading income over multiple years. It's advisable to consult an accountant, even if only once, to gain a basic understanding of how to approach this process. Opting for a limited company structure will also protect you from personally paying off any financial issues your business may face. \n\nAny funds generated within the company will be kept there initially, and only paid out as salary to you over the course of three years. From an income tax perspective, you'll be taxed only on the amount received during that time. Additionally, the company can cover project expenses directly, which will not be subject to income tax. However, you will still need to pay other taxes, such as VAT. Should you register for VAT, you'll be able to reclaim VAT on company expenses, but will also need to charge VAT to customers. \n\nIf you earn over \u00a382,000/year, you will need to register for VAT regardless of choice. The only potential complication is that you may be subject to corporation tax on surplus money in the first year, as it may appear to be profit. To avoid this issue, you can record promised funds as a \"liability\" for \"unearned income\" in the company accounts. An accountant can advise you further on this matter."}
{"1166": "\n\nThere are various reasons for this, as previously discussed by other answers. However, I would like to highlight and elaborate on one particular reason: the avoidance of double taxation, specifically on corporate earnings. \n\nTypically, a corporation's earnings are subject to taxes at about 40% (including State income taxes) in the US. When dividends are distributed, they are taxed again at the individual level, and the same applies when equity is sold and the distribution is treated as a capital gain. This is why tax rates for dividends and capital gains are the same in the US. \n\nFor example, let's consider a C Corporation with only one owner. The company earns $1,000,000 before income taxes and pays $400,000 in taxes, leaving retained earnings of $600,000. To access this money, the owner can either distribute a dividend or sell their stake to someone else. In either case, the $600,000 will be taxed again at around 20%-30% at the individual level, depending on your state. This translates to an effective tax rate of over 50%. \n\nMany people invest in stocks, including mutual funds, where dividends and capital gains are taxed at lower rates. Consequently, tax returns without wage income often have very low average tax rates. However, these investments are still subject to their own taxes or are subject to taxes accruing in the form of future tax liability."}
{"1167": "\n\nA good way to jumpstart your journey is to begin reading, for example, Robert T. Kiyosaki's book \"Rich Dad Poor Dad.\" Although straightforward, it provides an excellent mindset for starting out. In addition, the book emphasizes that the best investment you can make is in educating yourself. While your current situation may be difficult, do not give up on your studies. I am unclear from your post if you already have a master's degree, but if you have a passion for mathematics, consider learning coding and pursuing a job in banking or another industry where individuals with skills in both coding and mathematics are highly valued."}
{"1168": "\n\nIn order to determine the best insurance option, it is essential to understand the WSC's objectives, their priorities, and affordability. When examining life insurance for seniors, it becomes clear that per unit costs, such as cost per $1000 of death benefit, are quite high. Therefore, affordability is a critical factor for the WSC. Assuming we have a fixed monthly premium based on the WSC's affordability, the length of coverage and the amount of coverage have an inverse relationship. Maintaining a balance between these two factors is vital in meeting the WSC's objectives. If the proposed plan is unaffordable, the WSC will have to prioritize their objectives and subtract those with lower priority from the total coverage amount."}
{"1169": "\n\nYes, you can deduct almost any expenses incurred in the course of your business from your taxable profits. For detailed advice on this subject, please refer to HMRC's guidelines. Having a salaried PAYE employment alongside your business does not impact this deduction."}
{"1170": "\n\nTo ensure an equitable distribution of work among all customers throughout the month, the company follows a rule based on the number of minimum working days. Specifically, one-Nth of all customers receive service each day, where N represents the minimum working days in a given month. As for your current service day, assuming a Monday start, the fifth working day is typically Friday. However, if there are any weekend days in between, your service day may be the sixth or seventh. Nonetheless, the significance of this statement is minimal as you can access your bank account activity online 24/7 and print it at any time of your choosing."}
{"1171": "\n\nThe statement, while not entirely accurate, holds some truth. Many credit cards, such as VISA and Mastercard, offer dispute processes that allow for chargebacks in cases of fraud or undelivered goods. However, specific rights and guidelines may vary by bank. It's important to be cautious in these situations, as you may be required to return fake or unsatisfactory goods to the merchant within a limited time frame. Regarding the statement \"the money is the banks\", technically speaking, it is credit rather than actual money until payment is made. While this may be a technical distinction, it's not necessarily important in this context."}
{"1172": "\n\nWhile it may sound strict, my suggestion would be to establish individual accounts for credit cards, savings, retirement, and so on. The only joint account should be for paying mortgage or rent and other shared expenses. As another contributor suggested, it's important to remove all saved information from your internet browser and consider setting up separate user IDs. If this is a compulsive spending issue, solving it may be an arduous and lengthy process, and it's crucial to protect yourself from being dragged down with your partner."}
{"1173": "\n\nI think your question is very insightful, and the comments suggest that you grasp the gravity of the situation. Firstly, it's quite possible that your friend's daughter may not be able to do anything with the money. Stepparent relationships can be challenging, and this could potentially exacerbate the situation. Coupled with the girl's age and grief, attempts to resolve the issue could fall flat. She might end up spending the money out of spite against her stepfather. \n\nSecondly, it is essential for everyone involved to understand that personal finance is largely influenced by behavior. High earners can land in dire financial straits, while low earners can achieve great wealth. In the end, the difference between success and failure usually comes down to one's financial habits. \n\nThirdly, you correctly emphasized the importance of establishing the \"why\" behind any decisions regarding the money. It's crucial to teach the girl valuable lessons about financial responsibility, in addition to simply telling her what to do with the money. However, finding a trusted financial advisor who is willing to take on this relatively small case might prove challenging. Most advisors tend to adopt a one-size-fits-all approach, which wouldn't be very helpful in this case.\n\nIf it were up to me, I would advise taking two initial steps. Firstly, I would encourage the girl to delay making any significant decisions regarding the money. Secondly, I would urge her to use the funds to invest in her education and career development. If she can come out of this situation with a degree, a decent starting salary, no student loans, and a used car, that would be quite an achievement. If she's particularly savvy with her finances, she might even be able to buy a home with the remaining funds. During this time, your friend could search for a financial advisor who can provide personalized and relevant advice to the girl.\n\nIn my own experience with my stepdaughter, learning about financial responsibility together helped to build a strong financial relationship. We both took a course called Financial Peace University, which cost around $100 and was offered through local churches. The story of \"Ben and Arthur\" had a significant impact on her, and we've had many meaningful conversations about finances since then. Perhaps a similar approach could work in this case, such as watching a YouTube video on the lesson together."}
{"1174": "\n\nThe return on equity target that regulators consider when approving price hikes is not to exceed 20%. Regulators would reject any request for an RoE higher than that. Utilities are generally obligated to accept price regulation in exchange for a monopoly on utility business in a specific geographic area. While utilities may not guarantee profits, they are typically considered stable investments that appreciate over time. However, due to deregulation, investing in utilities has become more complicated. Utilities must build and maintain physical infrastructure, buy fuel, and generate electricity. As a result, they face fixed costs, regulated pricing, market-driven fuel costs, and market-driven demand for electricity. The significant costs associated with expanding the electric grid means that uneven demand growth or economic disruptions in the utility's service area can negatively impact the firm's return on equity and stock price. The location of the utility also plays a role in stock performance, as demonstrated by the contrasting stock performance of HE (the Hawaiian electric utility) to ED (Consolidated Edison, the NYC utility) to SO (Southern Companies, the utility for much of the South). In order to invest successfully in utilities, it is essential to have a buying strategy. During market downturns, money flows into utilities, which are considered low-risk \"defensive\" investments, and inflates the price. Investors should avoid buying utilities at their peak and instead, dollar-cost average a position over several years and hold onto it. Concentrating on high-quality or local utilities that investors understand is recommended. Southern Co, Progress Energy, Duke Energy, and American Electric Power are considered benchmark utility companies."}
{"1175": "\n\nThere have been suggestions to use a 401k loan to pay off student loan debt, but before doing so, several things should be considered. Firstly, check your 401k plan as some allow for loan payments to continue if you leave the company, while others don't. Additionally, changing jobs before paying back the 401k loan may result in taxes and penalties if not paid within 90 days. It's important to note that student loan debt may have options for deferment or adjustable payments, while 401k loans do not. Furthermore, while interest paid on student loans can be deducted, interest paid to a 401k loan cannot, even though it's paid to yourself. Additionally, using a 401k loan may limit long-term growth potential since it's typically at a lower interest rate than potential earnings within the 401k. It may also limit flexibility since other loans or withdrawals may be needed in the future, and amortization schedules for 401k loans may require higher payments over a shorter period. While credit card debt may be negotiated or discharged during hard times, a 401k loan cannot, and it might prove detrimental to long-term financial security. Ultimately, it's essential to evaluate the numbers and weigh the consequences before choosing to use a 401k loan for student loan debt, bearing in mind that the 401k should be used to secure financial future during fiscal strains."}
{"1176": "\n\nThe crux of the matter is that our system is not functioning properly. Despite investing over 600k for three consecutive years, I have received a 0% return. To make matters worse, the 401k administrative institution imposes exorbitant fees that many people are not even aware of. It is advisable to scrutinize your expense ratios and comprehend how they function so that you can calculate the hidden costs."}
{"1177": "\n\nThe main difference between American and European options is that American options can be exercised at any time while European options cannot be exercised early. If you want more information, keep reading. The value of an American style Call option is higher because of its flexibility to be exercised at any time, even if the option is in the money and a dividend is paid out. This is not possible with a European call option, which can only be exercised at expiration. As someone who trades options frequently, it is unlikely to be exercised early unless there is a dividend scenario or if the extrinsic value of the option is zero. Even in these cases, it's more likely that the investor will sell the call for a gain on 100 shares of stock rather than exercise the option."}
{"1178": "\n\nAs you reside in India and receive income from sources other than salary, you must utilize ITR4 (Profits or Gains of Business or Profession) to file your tax returns. You can complete this process efficiently by following the step-by-step guide available on the IncomeTax India eFiling website."}
{"1179": "\n\nIf your business is a sole proprietorship and you did not mistakenly request IRS treatment as a corporation, there are no IRS forms to complete. However, you will need to dissolve the LLC with your state. Check with the appropriate department of State/Corporations (note that the name of the department may vary depending on your state's policies)."}
{"1180": "\n\nRevised: Attempting to catch a falling knife is futile. The prolonged decline in gas prices indicates that experienced traders in this market anticipate further decreases in the near future. They possess insight superior to yours and may have various reasons behind their predictions. Therefore, it's probable that gas prices will continue to drop. It's advisable to wait until gas prices begin to rise before taking a long position on gas, as recommended by base64."}
{"1181": "\n\nRevised: To determine the probability of hitting a target price, some mathematics and an assumption about the expected return of your stock are required. First, let's break down the components of this equation. IV represents the implied volatility of the option, which is the volatility of the underlying associated with the observed option price. As a practical measure, volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns. Therefore, if the monthly standard deviation is Y, then Y*SQRT(12) represents the volatility. To de-annualize the volatility and obtain the expected standard deviation of the return between now and expiration, multiply IV by SQRT(DaysToExpire/356). When multiplied by the stock price, the resulting value represents X, which is the standard deviation of the dollars gained or lost between now and expiration. Denote the price change as A so that the standard deviation of A is X. \n\nTo find the expression for the probability of hitting a target level, Q, it is mathematically represented as 1 - Pr( A < Q - StockPrice). Note that the cumulative distribution function always finds the probability of being below a threshold, so we subtract the probability of being below the threshold from 1 to find the probability of exceeding Q. \n\nUsing Excel and assuming a mean of zero for returns, the probability of hitting or exceeding Q at expiration is represented as [formula not shown here]. The accuracy of this estimate depends on the chosen criteria for judging it. While more sophisticated methods may exist to reduce error and bias, this approximation serves as a good starting point."}
{"1182": "\n\nIf you're seeking answers, a great resource to explore is case studies from Harvard Business School. During my time pursuing an MBA degree, we delved into the Argentina default as part of our economics curriculum. Additionally, there are other sources you may find helpful to consider."}
{"1183": "\n\nQuantycuenta is correct in stating that if a halt is in place, trading will not occur. However, in risk management, the situation is more complex. It is important to note that trading may not immediately stop upon a drop in price, and if there is a time lag, orders may still be filled based on the liquidity of the security. Additionally, not all securities have circuit breakers in place, and the exact triggers for these circuit breakers are not public information. In rare cases, exchanges may reverse trades, but this is typically reserved for institutional traders who make mistakes. An article on MarketWatch describes day traders who bought near the bottom of the May 6, 2010 flash crash, before circuit breakers were implemented, providing an interesting example of the intricate workings of the electronic market."}
{"1184": "\n\nThe Federal Reserve aims to maintain a marginal increase in the money supply compared to the total production in the economy to generate a slight inflation rate. For instance, if this year's output increased by 3%, they aim for a 4-5% growth rate in the money supply. This approach helps to avoid high inflation or deflation. Low-interest rates on Treasury bills (T-bills) prompt banks to borrow more money, which is created out of thin air and added to the economy. Conversely, high-interest rates discourage borrowing, leading to a reduced growth rate or possibly contraction in the money supply. Therefore, the Federal Reserve adjusts the interest rates depending on the acceleration or deceleration of economic growth rates and inflation rates that are considered too high or too low."}
{"1185": "\n\nIn the Income Statement linked, locate the line labeled \"Net Income\". Subsequently, you will find a line labeled \"Preferred Dividends\", followed by \"Income Available to Common Excl. Extra Items\" and \"Income Available to Common Incl. Extra Items\". The latter two are of utmost importance. They indicate the income remaining after deducting dividends paid to preferred stockholders (which doesn't apply in this case). This income is available to ordinary shareholders, also known as \"earnings for the common stock\"."}
{"1186": "\n\nIf you plan on exploring tax strategies in various countries, seeking professional assistance is highly advised. Different countries have varying taxation laws that must be carefully considered. For instance, in the past, the UK categorized individuals as non-residents for tax purposes once they were abroad for a year. Conversely, Canada did not impose taxes if an individual was not present in the country for more than six months per year. Thanks to a well-timed relocation, I was able to avoid taxation for six months without residing in any specific location. It is noteworthy that this was not influenced by my intentions to either stay or leave."}
{"1187": "\n\nIn my view, the ability to trade ETFs throughout the day versus only once per day for traditional mutual funds is not a concern for long-term investing. The slight time difference becomes insignificant if you plan to hold onto the investment for an extended period. However, if you engage in day trading or other complex trading strategies, the time difference may have an impact. For my investment style, which involves buying index funds for the long haul and leaving them alone, ETFs do not offer any advantage over traditional mutual funds."}
{"1188": "\n\nCongratulations! It's important to discuss what would happen to the house in the event of a separation, just to be prepared. Some unmarried couples have stayed together for decades, while others have unexpectedly separated. It's better to have this discussion now. Additionally, there are some immediate implications, such as new costs for taxes, utilities, and maintenance, and new tax issues related to mortgage interest and property tax deductibility. You'll need to figure out how to allocate these expenses between you two (if that's applicable, as I'm uncertain if unmarried couples can file taxes jointly nowadays)."}
{"1189": "\n\nThe current system allows for a \"stepped-up basis\" on stocks, as well as other types of property, for estate tax purposes. According to the website of the US IRS, determining whether the sale of inherited property is taxable requires calculating the basis value of the property. The basis value of property inherited from a decedent is typically either the fair market value (FMV) of the property on the date of the decedent's death or the FMV of the property on an alternate valuation date chosen by the estate executor, as outlined in the Instructions for Form 706, United States Estate (and Generation-Skipping Transfer) Tax Return. If the person who died received the property from you or your spouse within a year of their death, Publication 551, Basis of Assets, provides further guidance. Regarding your question on whether the deceased person needs to pay taxes on their profits in the year of their death, the answer is yes. The estate is subject to tax on gains and losses realized before the person's death."}
{"1190": "Is my financial status satisfactory? You currently have funds for emergencies in the bank and spend less than you earn, indicating that your financial status is satisfactory. Maintaining your current financial practices would enable you to have a good standard of living. How can I improve it? To improve your financial status, consider making some adjustments to your tax payments. If you increase your contributions to tax-advantaged retirement accounts, you may pay less tax on your savings. Is it the right time for me to visit a financial advisor? It's advisable to consult a financial advisor whenever your financial situation changes. This could be due to job changes, marriage, children, promotions, or considering buying a house. Is it worth the money, and how could an advisor assist me? It would be worth spending money on a financial advisor that has your best interests at heart and doesn't prioritize their commissions. Engaging an accountant to help minimize your tax payments could also be cost-effective. Advisors should help you reduce your taxes and combat inflation to improve your current financial status."}
{"1191": "\n\nIf you carefully read through the paperwork that you were required to fill out at the emergency room, you'll likely notice that there's a clear statement indicating that you're responsible for paying any bills that you incur, regardless of the outcome with your insurance company. Usually, there's a disclaimer that explains that the provider offers to file a claim with your insurance provider as a courtesy service, but it's not mandatory. As the patient, you're ultimately responsible for your bills, and this responsibility remains even if the provider delays sending you a bill. Regrettably, that's simply how it is."}
{"1192": "\n\nThere is an important aspect that has not been addressed regarding insurance coverage - the cost to the customer in terms of paperwork, wasted time, and phone calls that are required to make a claim. Unfortunately, insurance claims tend to have low priority on customer service queues because they have already made the sale. As a result, customers may have to spend several hours contacting the company to make a claim that may not even be worth it. The hassle of the process often deters people from claiming their warranty, similar to non-scam mail-in rebates. In addition to the cost-benefit analysis, this extra factor should be considered before purchasing such policies."}
{"1193": "\n\nLetters of Credit are often utilized in a domestic setting to finance public works necessary to support a development. For instance, when constructing a 50 story tower by demolishing a few 3 story buildings, the municipality undertakes to establish the requisite water, sewer, gas, and road infrastructure, and access funds from a letter of credit belonging to the developer. However, the downside for the developer is that these funds usually cannot be revoked; once the city or town commences work, the developer cannot terminate the financing, even if the project is cancelled. It is important to note that a letter of credit is not a consumer financing tool, whereas a \"line of credit\" tied to an asset such as a home is the closest equivalent."}
{"1194": "\n\nAccording to the information on their website (http://www.kotaksecurities.com/internationaleq/homepage.htm), Kotak Securities is a prominent Indian broker that provides international equities account services to their clientele. Hence, they should be able to provide you with all the necessary answers. Given the highly competitive nature of this market, it's reasonable to assume that other brokers like ICICI Direct are also offering similar services."}
{"1195": "\n\nAfter calling Tangerine, I received clarification. Typically, it takes around 2 hours for the email containing payment instructions to be delivered. Once the recipient receives the email, they have to follow the provided link and insert their banking details. The transfer of funds is usually completed 2 to 3 business days later. According to a forum post, the delays may stem from systemic risk management, tendering, and clearing processes."}
{"1196": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows to improve clarity and tone:\n\nThis organization appears to be a scam that preys on people's fears and exploits those who are easily influenced. The information presented by Edelson is not verifiably accurate, as documented in this report from the Securities and Exchange Commission: http://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/2006/ia-2525.pdf"}
{"1197": "\n\nLocal authorities levy property taxes to fund their services, which are ongoing and therefore charges continue. The taxes are used to pave roads, build infrastructure, maintain the police force, fire department, local schools, among other services. However, property taxes can sometimes exceed the original house value, which is unfair. For instance, someone who buys a house for $20K during a recession and sells it for $2M during a market bubble should not pay taxes as if they owned a $2M house. This often leads to property owners giving up their property because they can't afford the taxes. Californians amended the Constitution in Prop 13 to address this issue."}
{"1198": "\n\nHow reliable is Implied Volatility as a predictor of future market movements, and what indicators can be used to measure its accuracy? For example, if Implied Volatility predicts a 1% chance of a stock doubling and it doubles, was the prediction accurate or inaccurate? Similarly, if Implied Volatility predicts a 99% chance of a stock not doubling, was it correct or incorrect? \n\nOne possible indicator of accuracy is to compare Implied Volatility against the variance of daily returns over a specified period. However, it is not possible to compare IV with absolute price movements since this does not take into account the fluctuation of daily returns. For instance, if a stock increases by 0.01 each day, the variance would be 0 since there is no change in daily returns. However, over the course of 250 days, the total increase would be $2.50."}
{"1199": "\n\nTo build further onto keshlam's response, a direct feed does not involve a website at all. Exchanges publish their order and trade feeds onto a packet network that subscribers' machines listen and respond to. The point in time when a trade occurs within an exchange's matching engine is labeled as \"T0.\" The specifics of that trade are then published by the exchange, and the moment when that information is first available to subscribers is \"T1.\" The time difference between T1 and T0 can range from a few microseconds to 100 milliseconds in some notorious cases. Subscribers typically don't run machines on each exchange's network because it's expensive and requires a team of engineers to understand each exchange's protocols.\n\nIt's unlikely that Google pays for direct access to exchanges. Instead, Google probably pays another company who is a subscriber to each exchange around the world (such as Reuters) to forward incoming information to them. Reuters charges customers based on how fast they want the forwarded information. After Reuters parses the info they get at T1, checks it for errors, and translates it into a format customers can understand, they then put their new packets on the internet at time T2. The slow crawl across the internet begins, and your website of choice gets its pre-processed data at time T3.\n\nYour favorite website has to unpack the data, store it in some sort of database, and push it onto their website at time T4. A sophisticated website might then force a refresh of your browser at time T4 to show you the new information. However, this involves yet another slow crawl across the internet to your home computer, competing with your neighbor's 24/7 Netflix stream, and so on. Your browser then refreshes (with its 83 plugins and banner ads everywhere), and you finally see the update at T5.\n\nAssuming Google is doing the most expensive and labor-intensive thing possible, the networks between you, Google, and the exchange are as short as possible, and a thousand other factors are in play, you won't hear about a trade for anywhere from 500 milliseconds to 5 seconds after T0. In a more realistic scenario, that time will be 10-30 seconds. Despite this, Google calls it Realtime on their disclaimer page because they feel they're getting the information to you as fast as possible for free.\n\nComputers subscribed to an exchange heard about the trade way back at time T1 and acted on that information in a few microseconds. That's almost definitely before T2 and definitely before T3. The market for a particular instrument could change direction five times before Google even shows the first trade. Therefore, if someone wants true real-time access, they must subscribe to the exchange feed, or sign up with a broker that provides its own optimized market feeds (note that this is not an endorsement of trading through brokers)."}
{"1200": "\n\nYes, while it is possible to do balance transfers like this, it's important to note that the opportunity has passed and it has become increasingly difficult to find new cards that allow for balance transfers. Prior to the recent financial crisis in the US, individuals were able to receive large amounts of credit - up to 2-5 times their annual income - and transfer those balances to their bank accounts to earn interest. A variety of methods were available for transferring these funds, from direct deposits to balance transfer checks payable to oneself to overpaying another credit card and requesting a refund. However, overpaying another account can now trigger red flags. The financial landscape has changed drastically and very few cards offer no balance transfer fees or capped fees, and the interest rates are now lower, making it less beneficial to engage in this practice."}
{"1201": "\n\nI previously worked as a stockbroker and Registered Investment Advisor. I did not charge clients to initially discuss their financial situation. Restricted stock cannot be sold without permission from the issuing company and has specific periods and amounts for selling. It's not recommended for do-it-yourselfers. Financial planners may be able to assist, but it's not a common specialty. Major brokerage firms like Merrill Lynch, UBS, Royal Bank of Canada, Morgan Stanley, and JP Morgan have knowledgeable staff who can advise on trading this type of stock for free. It's recommended to speak with more than one firm before making a decision, and taking time to evaluate the relationship is crucial. In my experience, clients valued service, accessibility, and knowledge above price. Many clients were not wealthy, but needed help navigating this aspect of their lives. Best of luck to you."}
{"1202": "\n\nIt is simple for an honest vendor to provide a refund, which may only cost a few pennies. However, initiating a chargeback incurs a substantial irreversible fee of around $20 as an administrative charge for the merchant. They will also need to refund the charge if it is reversed. This can be particularly detrimental to an honest vendor who would have happily refunded the payment, and it is unfair. If the merchant is now out-of-pocket from the administrative fee, their best option is to fight the chargeback, for which they have already paid a fee. A chargeback could also negatively affect the merchant's standing, resulting in higher fees, or being banned from accepting Visa/MC payments if their chargeback rate is higher than the average in their industry. \n\nFor small merchants with low transaction volumes, a single chargeback could adversely impact their chargeback rate. The level of evidence for a chargeback varies based on fraud patterns and the merchant's ability to recover. Items like gift cards, casino chips, and concert tickets are less likely to qualify for a chargeback, as they can easily be converted to cash value. It is also essential to remember that a credit card chargeback only cancels a payment method, not the outstanding balance. Merchants can still demand payment and send customers to collections or court if necessary. Although most merchants avoid doing so, it is within their rights. Finally, resolving the matter with the merchant is the best solution for everyone involved."}
{"1203": "\n\nConsider the option of keeping your funds in a stocks and shares ISA and investing the amount you want to keep in cash into a tradable \"Money Market\" ETF. This kind of investment can provide rates comparable to cash interest and allow \"instant access,\" subject to the normal three-day settlement of equities. However, it is important to note that this approach is not without drawbacks. Monthly dividends are common for most Money Market ETFs, which means that depending on your timing, you may have to forego some interest. If you were to sell the day before going ex-dividend, you would be giving up a month's interest in the worst-case scenario. On the other hand, if you were to sell on the day of going ex-dividend, you would be able to maximize your interest."}
{"1204": "\n\nThere are many plausible reasons for this phenomenon, but one factor that often goes overlooked is ignorance. Most people either neglect to consider it altogether or assume that it's not a viable option without conducting any research. Additionally, there is a pervasive misconception that other countries are unsophisticated, unhealthy, or perilous."}
{"1205": "\n\nThis is less of a personal finance question and more related to legal matters. You should file a police complaint immediately, stating that certain individuals are utilizing your PAN card information for unauthorized activities. Additionally, it may be prudent to enlist the assistance of a Chartered Accountant (CA) and respond promptly to the Income Tax Authorities. It is critical that you do not disregard the notice."}
{"1206": "\n\nIf you have earned income, it is important to report it on your tax return. As a non-resident, you will need to file a 1040NR form and report your eBay income on line 21. Unfortunately, this income will not be covered by most tax treaties for students, which means you will likely have to pay full taxes on it. Please note that the IRS may view your eBay sales as a business, and you may need to attach a Schedule C form and pay additional taxes, including self-employment taxes. The USCIS may also consider your eBay sales as a business, regardless of how the IRS categorizes them, which could potentially affect your green card status. If your eBay sales constitute only occasional low-income, you should not encounter any issues. However, should your eBay sales become a systematic and significant source of income, it is best to seek advice from a qualified lawyer to avoid any legal complications."}
{"1207": "\n\nIn Tennessee, there is no property tax exemption for homesteads. However, the TN comptroller site states that exemptions are available for properties used for religious, charitable, scientific, nonprofit educational, governmental, and cemetery purposes. Most exemptions for non-governmental properties require a one-time application and approval by the State Board of Equalization before the May 20 deadline. While there is no homestead exemption, low-income elderly and disabled individuals and disabled veterans may qualify for a rebate of taxes on a specified portion of their property used as a residence. Additionally, business inventories held for sale or exchange by merchants subject to the business gross receipts tax are not assessable, and farm and residential tangible personal property are not assessable either."}
{"1208": "To determine the extent to which living in employer-provided housing as a job requirement is exempt from taxation, it is recommended to seek advice from a CPA or tax lawyer. This may bring a nice surprise to your benefit, and your tax professional can help you report the items properly if misreported. The IRS Publication 15-B provides guidance on employer-provided housing but obtaining additional advice may be needed, especially for cases where employees must live in the dorm to watch over undergrads. According to 26USC119(d), gross income shall not include the value of qualified campus lodging furnished to educational institution employees during the taxable year. However, exceptions may apply in cases of inadequate rent. Therefore, it is important to consider all the facts and circumstances surrounding the lodging, business premises, convenience, and condition of employment. It may also be useful to consult original sources to understand the difference between living in employer-provided housing as a job requirement or as a mere benefit of the job."}
{"1209": "\n\nI called Amex to cancel my card due to the annual fee, but they were able to switch me to a different card with no fee. The Amex customer service was excellent in assisting me with this matter. On the other hand, Capital One is not known for its customer service. Despite this, it would still be beneficial to make a five-minute call to switch cards, as it will help maintain a good credit score."}
{"1210": "\n\nIn certain scenarios involving multiple business entities, it may be permissible to pay yourself rent; however, this would never apply to an individual renting out their personal property. Even if it were allowed, any rent paid to oneself would be treated as rental income, rendering it advantageous. While seeking examples of when this might be acceptable, an explanation from Brandon Hall's BiggerPockets article clarified that it is inappropriate due to the Economic Substance Doctrine. The transfer of a primary residence into an LLC does not result in a significant shift in economic position or have any substantial purpose other than evading federal taxes. In instances where multiple parties own the LLC that rents a property, or where one company owns the holding company that owns the property, and another rents space in it, such an arrangement could be logical. However, if an individual is the only participant in the LLC, it would be unfeasible."}
{"1211": "\n\nDo I need to consult a CPA? Only if you are preparing paperwork for a corporation. CPA is a certification necessary for filing specific documentation related to corporations. For any other scenario, you don't require a CPA and can opt for an ordinary accountant. You may consider a tax accountant for complex dealings, like running your own business, or wealth management. However, for most personal situations, an accountant is unnecessary."}
{"1212": "\n\nThe interest likely accumulates on a daily basis, irrespective of the punctuality of your payments."}
{"1213": "\n\nThe cost of utilities and living expenses may vary from city to city, but not significantly. To budget for your move, you can expect to spend as much as you currently do, or perhaps a bit more as you become acquainted with your new location. However, keep in mind that this estimate may change based on your previous cost of living and your destination's level. The cost of housing tends to fluctuate across cities, but you can find useful resources to help you research suitable living options such as Zillow and Craigslist. \n\nRegarding the logistics of the move itself, the expenses can be quite variable depending on the amount of belongings you possess and the level of work you're willing to do. Alternatively, you can choose an affordable option such as renting a U-Haul or a portable moving box that you can pack, load, and unload yourself. My family and I used a portable box to move from Seattle to California last year, which cost us around $1400, including 30 days of storage at the destination while we secured a new home. Although we had a modestly sized home with some furniture, the cost could have been considerably more should we require full-service moving or had more belongings to transport.  Don't accumulate too much stuff to avoid extra expense and hassle during the move.\n\nIt's worth inquiring with your employer whether they can cover your moving expenses. Keep in mind that unreimbursed moving expenses may be tax-deductible in the United States, even if you don't itemize. As a beginner, it's beneficial to overestimate the expenses you may encounter and adjust accordingly as you settle in, allocating funds for unexpected expenses. Remember to balance saving and having some fun during this exciting life event. I hope these tips help make your relocation easier!"}
{"1214": "\n\nA better way to express this text could be:\n\nIf you have a five-year time horizon and are certain that you'll need the money within that period, investing in the markets may not be the best option. Instead, you can consider depositing your funds in Ally bank, which offers a 1% interest rate, or a five-year Raise Your Rate CD. \n\nIf you want to explore stock and bond investments, you can examine funds like the Vanguard Target Date Fund or robo-advisors such as Wealthfront or Betterment. However, before you invest, you should assess whether you might shorten your investment timeline in the future (e.g., you might want to buy a house in four years instead of five) or if you're comfortable with delays (e.g., if the market dips, your investment might take 6.5-7 years to mature instead of five). \n\nFor further information on how to use time horizons when investing, you can read this informative article on Investopedia: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/110813/using-time-horizons-investing.asp."}
{"1215": "\n\nThe fee is a broker fee and not charged by the reorganizing company itself. The fees charged by E*Trade and TD Ameritrade are $20 and $38, respectively. As with any bank fee, it's important to shop around. If you anticipate a split and the fee is significant for you, consider moving your account to a different broker. It's possible that a portion of the fee is shared between the broker and shares managing services provider, but the broker is the one who charges you. Note that fees vary depending on whether the reorganization is voluntary or involuntary, and some brokers may not charge their \"premier\" customers."}
{"1216": "\n\nPlease note that the following is not legal advice and is solely my opinion. Firstly, it should be noted that the source of the law referenced pertains exclusively to the European Union and is not applicable outside of it. This means that it cannot be used to impose legal obligations on entities in other countries. Therefore, claiming that the VAT needed to be mentioned is not a valid argument. Secondly, if you owe money, it is still owed regardless of whether or not it was mentioned. In such a situation, you could opt to return the software if you no longer wish to have it, and receive a refund minus a usage fee. However, this can be a difficult calculation to make, and may not be an ideal solution. Additionally, the company will be required to remit the VAT to your country of residence, so the debt is owed to your government. If the matter is ignored, there is a possibility that the company will absorb the cost and your government may not take action against you. It's worth noting that if the company only has your email address, they may not be able to charge your card since they may not have your payment information anymore. Ultimately, whether or not you choose to pay the debt is a personal decision, as you technically do owe it."}
{"1217": "\n\nThe BBC article from 2006 confirms that you could see it before. It is plausible that it can still be done, but it might be more challenging now, like with all mortgages. Additionally, there is a recent article from last year highlighting Chinese banks' interest in the UK mortgage market."}
{"1218": "\n\nI believe the company is providing coupons to incentivize people to invest with them, just as other companies offer discounts to customers. Although it is an ETF, I do not think they are receiving any compensation from the ETF companies, which can occur in some cases (e.g., iShares partnering with Fidelity). Additionally, the company still receives a commission on the sale."}
{"1219": "\n\nCandlestick patterns often signal potential short-term changes in the direction of price movement, particularly if they are reversal patterns. The doji is a type of candlestick pattern that signals a possible shift in price action direction in the short term. It is most effective when it appears at peaks or troughs and may carry a higher probability of success during overbought or oversold conditions.\n\nHowever, a doji is only useful for predicting short-term changes in direction and should not be relied upon to indicate a complete trend reversal. For instance, a doji might appear at the top or bottom of an uptrend or downtrend, but it is important to confirm that it represents a trend change through price action.\n\nTo determine whether a trend has shifted, one must evaluate higher highs and higher lows for an uptrend or lower lows and lower highs for a downtrend. A new trend is confirmed when it experiences a lower high and a lower low or a higher low and a higher high.\n\nFurthermore, dojis and other candlestick patterns are most effective when the market is trending, albeit in the short term. Waiting for confirmation of a change in direction often involves only taking long trades if prices are above the doji high or solely engaging in short trades if the prices move below the low of the doji."}
{"1220": "\n\nCompared to other major asset classes such as stocks and commodities, the foreign exchange market (Forex) is relatively less volatile. However, volatility can still occur in the major currency pairs due to the absence of significant regulatory obstacles. For example, the Swiss Franc experienced a spike in volatility a few years ago, and GBPUSD was recently affected by Brexit news. Highly regulated currencies like the Chinese Yuan (CNY) tend to exhibit less volatility. Market volatility stems from the imbalance between the buying or selling pressure and the available liquidity at the prevailing prices. Institutions, including banks, and central banks usually create this imbalance by placing large buy or sell orders. In some cases, news can have a profound and rapid impact, leading traders to adjust their prices significantly."}
{"1221": "\n\nI utilized Yahoo Finance to look for a fund that tracks FTSE 100 and came across POW FTSE RAF UK 100 (PSRU.L) along with several other options. Additionally, Google Finance is another viable source to explore."}
{"1222": "\n\n\"It's the best investment you can make, especially with the company you work for going public. If I were you, I would invest more than just the minimum at the IPO. Ask your manager or supervisor how much they are investing in stocks. If they are investing, consider it. Just keep track of it regularly and sometimes you can increase your investment as time goes on. You can gauge your investment by your company's production and profits. If your company's profits are going up, it's likely that you need to buy more.\""}
{"1223": "Congratulations on acknowledging your problem and making the commitment to become debt-free. It's commendable that you've taken the first step in recognizing your mistakes, and getting rid of debt is a worthwhile objective. Regarding debt consolidation, there are only two practical reasons to consider it. The first is to lower your monthly payments, but this can draw out the timeframe before you become debt-free and cost you more in interest. I advise against this unless your cash flow is being stretched too much. Based on your situation, debt consolidation doesn't seem necessary for this reason. The second reason is to lower interest rates, which can help shorten the time it takes to pay off debt, but the consolidation loan's interest rate that you're considering is already high at 13.89%. Even if some of your outstanding debt has higher interest rates, you might not save significantly by consolidating with this loan. Only consider other options for a consolidation loan if you can obtain a better rate. I understand from your inquiry that you're looking at this loan to close credit card accounts quickly. While I agree you need to stop using them, cutting up or destroying credit cards will also work, and you won't require a consolidation loan for this. Your statement that you're contemplating adding $3,000 to your debt is concerning, especially when your aim is to become debt-free. The cash buffer from the loan is also not advisable. My recommendation is to begin your journey to financial freedom by cutting up or destroying your credit cards today. Debit cards, checks, and cash are the options to use moving forward. Start following a monthly budget to allocate all of your earnings. Having a clear notion of where your money goes can help you determine what to spend on and prevent overspending. Budgeting software can simplify this. Your first priority should be to create a small emergency fund of up to $1,500, which acts as your safety net for unexpected costs. Use it only in emergencies, replenish it once depleted, and aim to create it within a month. Afterward, aggressively and rapidly address your debt, paying off whichever loans you wish in any order. At the rate you suggested, you might be debt-free within eighteen months. Once paid off, close any credit card accounts you have. Don't listen to mainstream advice recommending keeping some unused credit card accounts to bolster your credit score; just shut them down. After becoming debt-free, start creating a 3-to-6 month emergency fund, supported by the money you were spending on your debt. This nest egg will provide you with a significant level of financial resilience that will help you during financial emergencies. For more advice on becoming debt-free and budgeting, consider reading The Total Money Makeover by Dave Ramsey."}
{"1224": "\n\nRevised: Your VAT number must be equivalent to your client's perspective. Whether you are a sole trader or limited liability will not affect their payment of VAT to you, which you will then remit to the government. However, your client's hesitation may be related to tax breaks. In Finland, it can be challenging to receive a tax break on paid taxes when purchasing something abroad. If they refuse to make payment, you may want to consider forming a LTD or hiring a management company to handle invoicing and payment processing on your behalf, for a fee."}
{"1225": "\n\nStock market indexes typically use market capitalization as the basis of measurement, but this is distinct from GDP. While GDP captures the value of all goods and services produced domestically, it includes a significant amount of smaller-scale production not reflected in stock market capitalizations. Consequently, the ratio between countries' GDPs may not align with the ratio of their market capitalization totals. For example, although the US GDP is approximately 3.8 times that of Japan, the US's total market cap is around 5.5 times Japan's. This discrepancy can be more pronounced for comparisons between developed and developing economies, where smaller-scale financial systems may lead to less stock market participation.\n\nComparing the US with Brazil, for instance, reveals that while US GDP is around 10 times Brazil's, US total market cap is roughly 36 times that of Brazil's. Switzerland, on the other hand, has a total market cap nearly double that of Brazil, despite its total GDP being less than half of Brazil's. As the all-world index encompasses all investable economies, it may include some economies with disproportionately lower market cap shares than their GDP shares. Also, this index tracks only large- and mid-cap stocks, further skewing weightings to developed economies like the US, with its enlarged share of the biggest companies. It is critical to examine weightings in greater detail to determine whether those factors precisely account for the level of discrepancy observed in this specific index. Nonetheless, this explanation should provide some insight into why the US may have a greater weight in a stock index than in raw GDP."}
{"1226": "\n\n\nIf you're struggling to make ends meet, it's important to evaluate your financial situation before making any big purchases, like a car or a home. You should only consider buying such assets if you can clearly show (even to yourself) that doing so would lower your monthly expenses. While there are exceptions, such as when buying a car can actually reduce expenses, you need to think carefully about whether you truly need the item or just feel pressured to get it. Remember, wealthy people invest in income streams, while poorer people buy expenses. \n\nTo start, track your spending for a month or two, including non-regular bills like subscriptions, insurance, and utilities. Use this information to create a budget, focusing on the facts rather than making judgments about your spending. Once you have a clear idea of your current expenses, identify areas where you can cut back, starting with the easiest changes. Create a revised budget based on these numbers and stick to it. Follow up by tracking your actual spending and making adjustments as needed. \n\nWhen you find areas of your budget where you have flexibility, resist the urge to spend that money on discretionary items. Instead, pay yourself first by putting the money directly into a savings account. Even if you start with a simple savings account that offers little interest, the habit of saving is critical. If possible, set up a direct deposit into your savings account, and force yourself to live within your remaining budget. Aim to save a decent percentage of your income, but start by saving something \u2013 anything \u2013 and putting it in a liquid account that offers easy access to your funds. This will allow you to build up your savings and create more financial options for yourself in the future."}
{"1227": "\n\nIt appears from your edits that you may not yet possess the necessary knowledge required to delve into investing with a heavy hand. This is because you seem to be unfamiliar with fundamental finance and investment concepts. The returns you refer to as \"yearly\" are merely the earnings reported by public companies every 12 months - they do not reflect the earnings of individual investors, which consist of dividends paid by the company (usually annually, semi-annually or quarterly) and the sale of previously purchased shares. In a three-month timeframe, investments in interest-earning investments, such as bank deposits, will generate around 0.5%, while investments in the stock market could yield roughly 2% (but carry higher risks than interest-earning investments). Attempting to generate substantial earnings in just three months is an unrealistic prospect that entails extreme levels of risk (similar to gambling in a casino). It takes years to make safe investments. In the short term, the best approach to earning more money is to earn more through a better paying job or taking on a part-time job, or to reduce expenses (prepare a budget, pay off high-interest debt, and spend less than you earn). I strongly recommend you go through this website to learn more about budgeting and how to manage your finances better. If you feel like that doesn't address your situation, I urge you to do further research on investing to gain adequate information before committing any funds - you may be taking on more risk than what you realize."}
{"1228": "\n\nRevised: In today's world, it is important to exercise caution when sharing personal information online. Due to advancements in data aggregation, previously anonymized information may no longer provide sufficient protection against online threats. For instance, depending on your location, property records may be readily accessible to anyone with Internet access. Criminals may make use of geolocation data from your IP address to determine your exact location, which could be disclosed if a blogging site is compromised. If you have substantial wealth, disclosing personal information could make you vulnerable to organized criminals who may attempt targeted ransom attacks. Thus, to avoid potential online risks, it is advisable to be vigilant about the information you share online."}
{"1229": "\n\nYou currently work with three companies. I suggest starting there and asking one of them to show you the potential outcome if you bought policies from the other two. This information may not be readily available on their website, so it's best to speak with a representative who can generate a quote. Be sure to compare policies with exact matches for limits and options. Repeat this process with the other two companies. While I'm unsure about the financial details of my life insurance policy bills, I can confirm that my home and auto insurance bills clearly show the savings I've received from having multiple policies."}
{"1230": "\n\nThis question is somewhat related to personal finance, but it also has broader implications. Regardless, it's an intriguing topic, so let's consider it relevant. The quick answer is yes, but the more comprehensive answer depends on the situation. If you're seeking eligibility for in-state tuition, you must have spent a specific period of time residing in your current state. Alternatively, when it comes to taxes, during the initial year of relocation to a new state, it is necessary to file part-time resident returns in both your previous and current state of residency."}
{"1231": "\n\nPrivate Equity refers to a type of investment company that is not accessible to the public. For instance, if Warren Buffet owned all the shares of Berkshire Hathaway, it would be considered a Private Equity company. However, if the shares were traded publicly, it would not be a Private Equity company.\n\nIt is worth noting that the term \"Equity\" refers specifically to the ownership of the company. Therefore, not all private investment companies are Private Equity companies. If a private investment company only buys bonds rather than owning the company itself, it would not be considered a Private Equity company.\n\nHedge Fund is a term that is commonly used to describe a type of investment fund that attempts to hedge risks in its portfolio. This involves carefully considering the types of investments it makes to minimize risk. In many cases, the term \"Hedge Fund\" is interchangeable with other terms like \"investment fund.\" \n\nOver time, the trend has shifted towards using more general terms like \"investment fund\" instead of \"hedge fund,\" as can be seen in trends data from Google. It is worth noting that \"Hedge Fund\" has often been associated with high finance and Wall Street types who may exploit various situations for their own gain. However, without a clear definition, the term does not hold much meaning.\n\nWhen comparing \"Hedge Fund\" and \"Private Equity,\" the two terms correlate closely. While \"Private Equity\" is sometimes misused to refer to investment bankers, it has a clear definition unrelated to this characterization. In general, a Private Equity firm is a company that invests in and owns other companies, often with the aim of restructuring or improving their operations."}
{"1232": "\n\nI believe that age or wealth do not dictate one's ability to make investment decisions. Successful stock picking requires certain factors: a) enjoying the process, as it takes time and effort, and treating it like 'work' will likely result in lower returns that do not offset the cost. b) sufficient time to trade, monitor and choose stocks. c) possessing the necessary skills and experience to bring a unique perspective that gives you an edge. Failing to possess such qualities could result in becoming a patsy, earning profits for others."}
{"1233": "\n\nConsider taking a different approach. Set a specific amount of money aside and blend it together. Ensure not to surpass the limit (but allocate more for next time if required). If you were in the USA (where cards are widely accepted), what I normally do is utilize my Visa debit card to buy everything and then transfer the transactions into my financial management software, where I categorize them."}
{"1234": "\n\nA simple explanation for the average investor: When an investor buys stock, they hope to sell it for a profit later on. This is known as \"going long.\" If the investor wants to sell their stock to avoid further losses, they can place a stop order. Stop orders are only used when selling, not buying. \n\nA stop-loss sell order (or stop sell) can be used to automatically sell the stock if its price drops below a certain point. For instance, if you set a stop sell at $40 and the stock falls to $35, your broker will sell your shares at the lowest possible price. \n\nA stop-loss limit sell order (or stop limit sell) works in a similar way, but with the added protection that the stock won't be sold for less than a specified limit price. For example, a stop limit sell at $40 with a limit of $39 means that if the stock falls to $40, the investor will only sell if the stock can be sold at $39 or higher. This way, the investor avoids selling at a price lower than they are comfortable with. \n\nIt's important to note that there is still some risk involved, as the stock price could fall very rapidly and the limit sell order may not be executed before the stock hits a lower price point. In this scenario, the investor would still own the stock, which could now be worth less than the limit sell price."}
{"1235": "\n\nIf the person under consideration is not invulnerable to illness or injury, the HSA is a perfect option for storing funds. With the HSA, you can put in pre-tax money and withdraw it tax-free when used for medical expenses. This is an unbeatable deal for those who are eligible due to their medical insurance."}
{"1236": "\n\nYou're correct that putting down 20% impacts your interest rate, but not always significantly. You'll need to do your own research to confirm. However, putting down 20% has a critical impact on your equity rather than your monthly payment. If the DC housing market takes a downturn, you could fall underwater on your mortgage, and a smaller down payment would only compound the issue. On the other hand, putting down 20% or more makes you an attractive borrower and reduces the risk of a short sale in the future. Personally, I wouldn't buy a home without putting down at least 20%, and I've budgeted to achieve that over time. As for finding a lender, I found books from the library helpful to understand the process. I also got recommendations from my realtor (who was a family friend I trusted) and others who had recently purchased homes. I compared four lenders and negotiated the best terms based on their estimate sheets, which include fees like origination fees and discount points. You should be clear on which fees the lender controls and which they don't. Before closing, you'll also want to find a good title company, settlement company (which may be the same as the title company or your lender), and a survey company if required for your title insurance. Also, don't forget homeowner's insurance coverage. Closing costs can run over $10,000 on a $500,000 home, so it's critical to do your research and understand them. Finally, take time to educate yourself on homebuying, neighborhoods, and prices. Rushing into a purchase can cost you a lot of money in the long run."}
{"1237": "\n\nRevised: Your social security number should only be required for purposes related to tax withholding or payment. Your bank or investment broker, as well as your employer, require it to report your earnings, and you need it to file tax forms. In general, no one else should be asking you for it. While the gym's request for your social security number was unnecessary, it is unlikely to have any adverse consequences. On the other hand, the store cards are a more significant issue. Depending on how they used your information, you could potentially harm the credit history of the person who legitimately owns that number, and if this occurs, you may be guilty of fraud should they or the store come after you. With that in mind, it's best not to pursue this matter. Furthermore, if you're posting online, utilize a disposable user ID and avoid using your real name. Alternatively, contacting the appropriate authorities and admitting your mistake may be an option, but consulting with a lawyer would be wise before doing so."}
{"1238": "\n\nMy question is: Without the protection of the corporate shield, how much responsibility do partners hold for a catastrophic event like the BP Gulf incident? Put simply, if an oil pipeline were to suffer a significant spill or explosion resulting in substantial liabilities, to what extent would the owners of a listed partnership be impacted, beyond the effects of corporate liability on common stockholders?"}
{"1239": "\n\nIt costs a considerable amount of money to hire a poet for their words, designers/photographers for the postcards, and essential staff such as executives, HR personnel, and shareholders. These costs inevitably get passed down to the buyers."}
{"1240": "\n\nMost banks that comply with common convenience banking laws maintain two balances for your account. The first is your actual balance, which reflects deposits and withdrawals that have cleared. Both the bank and the other involved party have exchanged proof of authorization, debited the payor's account, transferred money between banks, and credited the payee's account. The second balance is the available balance, which includes any amount the bank is \"floating\" while a deposit clears, and deducts any potentially unauthorized transactions. \n\nFor instance, let's say you intended to pay $X to the train company. Your bank received notice of this transaction and put an \"authorization hold\" on $X, which reduced your available balance but not your actual balance. If the bank later declines to process the transaction for any reason, such as insufficient funds or suspicion of fraud, the hold remains in place as a precaution. Usually, holds for debit purchases expire between one and five days after being placed, unless the merchant provides definite proof of amount and authorization before then. However, the expiration time may vary depending on bank policy, and holds for certain accounts or types of payment can last up to thirty days. \n\nIf you need to remove a hold or have any inquiries, you must contact the bank, not the merchant. In certain circumstances, the bank can remove a hold upon request."}
{"1241": "\n\nWhen considering the banking portion of your portfolio, the first priority is safety, which includes FDIC protection or an equivalent from a Credit Union in the United States. Secondly, it's important to assess whether the bank offers the level of service you require. This could be in the form of easily accessible branch locations, ATMs, or efficient online services that allow you to move your money rapidly and accurately. Once these factors are met, you can weigh the extras in order to make a final decision. These might include free trades, discounted rates on mortgages, or free checking, depending on your personal situation.\n\nIf you are currently receiving the extra benefits that you value whilst also enjoying the safety and level of service provided, there is no need to switch. However, in my case, I would not see free trades as a significant benefit, and any decline in safety or service would prompt me to move to another institution. It's vital to remember that seemingly free services ultimately come with a cost \u2013 financial institutions avail themselves of the opportunity to make money by lending deposited funds or even charging for other services utilized by customers.\n\nIn my instance, over the last nine months, I earned a paltry $3.33 YTD in savings at my bank, affiliated likely with these so-called \"free\" trades. Without further knowledge of your savings account balance, I cannot determine the potential earnings you might make at a nearby bank. That being said, due to low interest rates over the last decade, generating substantial savings for the typical American family is unlikely."}
{"1242": "\n\nIf you consider hedging, it may make sense to lock in an option premium price in case you need to hedge in the future, but are unsure if it will be necessary."}
{"1243": "\n\nI recommend creating a separate account for your business, including a credit card and bank account. This will provide numerous benefits and does not require much effort aside from carrying one extra card. QuickBooks can easily download transaction data from your website, making reconciliation simple. Without this step, an audit could lead to significant issues. In my personal experience, monthly reconciliation has helped us identify certain overlooked charges in our business, despite having stringent procedures in place. Even with proper measures, certain things can be missed, but reconciling can help catch them."}
{"1244": "\n\nLet's say I own a certain percentage of Facebook. If Facebook acquires WhatsApp, does that mean I also own a percentage of WhatsApp? Yes, assuming Facebook acquires 100% of WhatsApp.\n\nHow many shares of Facebook do I need to access WhatsApp's financial reports? Since WhatsApp is privately held by Facebook, Facebook is not obliged to disclose WhatsApp's financial reports. However, some components of WhatsApp's books may appear in Facebook's financial report, depending on Facebook's accounting policies."}
{"1245": "Unfortunately, it seems that Billshrink.com is no longer in operation. However, from their website, it appears that their innovative technology will still be available through their StatementRewards platform, which will be offered by partnering financial institutions. Additionally, they plan to launch a new money-saving service in the future. If interested, you can learn more about their current endeavors at Truaxis.com. \n\nPreviously, Billshrink offered useful analysis tools for those looking to select a credit card. While their focus was more on rewards than the features mentioned, their service was worth considering. For those who also use Mint, they provided a similar service. However, setting up a Mint account could be more time-consuming. It is worth noting that all personal information has been deleted, but they will retain your email address to notify you about their new tool. If you prefer not to receive any further emails from them, you can opt-out through the form provided before September 31, 2013. If you have any further questions, you can contact them at info@billshrink.com."}
{"1246": "\n\nThe bank utilizes sophisticated software to identify suspicious activities such as terrorism financing and money laundering. But how does the program determine that a person's activity is suspicious? It relies on a set of rules, which may not be flawless and could lead to a warning being issued on an account based solely on a rule-triggering event, overriding even the longstanding history the individual may have with the bank. It is not uncommon for an imperfect program to generate a warning, which the bank's employee may fail to dismiss."}
{"1247": "\n\nto use and has a more user-friendly interface.\n\nI suggest using KMyMoney instead of GnuCash. It is more user-friendly and has an easier-to-use interface."}
{"1248": "\n\nFidelity Investments provides Solo 401(k) plans with no management fees. The employer, typically the business owner or principal manager, acts as the plan administrator. As the individual employee, you are considered the participant."}
{"1249": "\n\nAs someone who has hired multiple part-time assistants in the past, I would like to offer some advice that applies regardless of the assistant's location. If you cannot trust your assistant with important information, whether personal or business-related, it's time to find a different assistant. The purpose of an assistant is to make your life easier, not to create more work for you by having to double-check their work. You need to decide whether you are comfortable taking a leap of faith and trusting your assistant or finding someone else to work with. Thus, an assistant who needs their work edited is less useful.\n\nWhile location may not be a factor in terms of trustworthiness, the legal framework around your relationship with your assistant can vary based on your location. If both you and your virtual assistant are located in the US, your recourse when something goes wrong is likely more straightforward than if they are located overseas. You should consider the cost versus the potential risk when deciding whether to work with an overseas assistant or find someone domestically. Consider using a licensed and bonded CPA or other professional if you do not feel comfortable taking risks.\n\nAnother option is to hire a local, part-time assistant if you can live without someone being bonded. You may be surprised at how affordable this can be, especially if you can find a college student majoring in finance, accounting, or law. These students often work a few hours per week for extra income and valuable work experience to apply to their future career. Just keep in mind that turnover rates may be higher with students as they eventually move on to their first professional job."}
{"1250": "\n\nA lot of this information is inaccurate. Firstly, Payflex is owned by Aetna and your employer is the one who chooses which banks and brokers to offer, not Payflex. An HSA is essentially a checking account that offers an investment option once a minimum balance is reached. Many US employers provide the option for an HSA, but do not make any contributions themselves. Therefore, it is fortunate to receive any contribution from them.\n\nTo avoid any difficulties, an easy solution is to keep the HSA funds in your checking account and then transfer them to a different bank's HSA once a year. Most banks offer HSAs that are not tied to any specific broker, such as Citibank, PNC, and Chase. For my HSA funds, I use HSA Bank as it is an online service that caters to several employers.\n\nIt is not true that most payroll deductions or employer contributions go to a single HSA custodian (bank). While some employers may offer a single bank that contracts with an investment provider or allows investments anywhere, the trend for large or medium-sized employers is to provide multiple bank options due to defined contributions, private exchanges, and vendor product redesigns.\n\nIn summary, most people prefer to have their HSA through their home bank to avoid having a separate bank account for HSA."}
{"1251": "\n\nSince I didn't get any response, let me share what I did. At the end of every month, I download transaction data from both Stripe and PayPal. For each, I follow a simple process that entails six entries in Wave per month and some spreadsheet work to determine revenues and fees. The entire exercise takes me around 10 minutes. However, I am not a big fan of Wave's automatic integration with PayPal as it generates a lot of entries and is not entirely trustworthy, making it easy for transactions to be missed."}
{"1252": "\n\nIf you acquired these stocks during your previous residency, you may be required to pay taxes on capital gains."}
{"1253": "\n\nThe following revision provides a clearer and more concise explanation of standard deviation, Sharpe Ratio, R-squared, Alpha, and Beta:\n\nStandard deviation, represented by the Greek letter sigma (\u03c3), reveals how much variation exists from the average in statistics and probability theory. A low standard deviation implies that data points are close to the mean or expected value, while a high standard deviation suggests that data points are widely spread out.\n\nFor stocks, a lower standard deviation indicates less volatility, while a higher standard deviation denotes more volatility, which means how much change a stock's price undergoes over time. Mean or average return indicates what the figures would be if all returns were identical. There are several ways to compute the mean, including taking the sum and division by the number of elements, compound annual growth rate, and cubic root.\n\nThe Sharpe Ratio, created by Nobel laureate William F. Sharpe, measures the risk-adjusted performance by subtracting the risk-free rate, such as the 10-year U.S Treasury bond, from the portfolio's rate of return and dividing the result by its standard deviation.\n\nLinear regression modelling involves R-squared, Alpha, and Beta. R-squared measures how well the portfolio fits a standard, like the S&P 500 index in the case of U.S. stocks, on a scale of 0 to 1. A higher R-squared indicates better conformance with the index.\n\nAlpha and Beta relate to the classic slope-intercept form, y = mx + b, where y is the portfolio's return, and x is the index's return. Beta represents the return's multiple and Alpha reflects the additional return without this multiple. For example, an S&P 500 index fund has Beta near 1 and Alpha near 0, while other funds try to achieve high Alpha or high Beta. The modern portfolio theory emphasizes investment diversification to lessen R-squared and move beta and alpha towards the ideal level."}
{"1254": "\n\nWhile it is not commonly seen, there are cars whose owners are not the drivers. There is a risk of repossession by the legal owner; however, this risk is minimal. In the event of an accident, your insurance should cover any financial liability you incur. In the event of repossession by the owner, the only loss you face is the registration fees. I advise you to not question this situation. Your father, on the other hand, may encounter drama and financial troubles if his \"friend\" turns against him. This situation is reminiscent of a divorce where one spouse owns the car and the other drives and pays the loan. If the relationship deteriorates, one spouse typically sells the vehicle at a loss."}
{"1255": "\n\nThe mailing deadline is February 15th. Nevertheless, if a middleman (such as Wells Fargo) is preparing the form, they have until March 15th (see page 24). If you have not received your 1099 form by February 14th, you may contact the IRS, and they will request the missing form on your behalf. I understand this may be overwhelming, but to clarify, there are instances when the deadline is extended to March 15th."}
{"1256": "\n\nRevised: If peak oil is causing worry, take measures to mitigate the impact of high oil prices. One approach is to minimize reliance on the gas pump by relocating closer to frequently visited places or adjusting one's lifestyle to reduce fuel consumption. Another option is to purchase items that do not rely on fossil fuels (there are many available). In case of instability concerns, consider investing in a more stable location. For unexpected events, anticipate the potential aftermaths and take necessary precautions. The possibilities are endless."}
{"1257": "\n\nIt is possible to transfer your savings to Canada through several methods. However, it is unlikely that doing so will provide significant benefits or reduce risks. One option is to directly hold your savings in Canadian dollars (CAD), while investing in Canadian bonds yields similar results. Some Canadian companies also trade on US markets, and certain brokerage firms enable trading on Canadian markets. However, these options rely on the assumption that Canadian banks are more secure than US banks, which may not be accurate, considering global interdependence. If major US banks were to falter, it would have a domino effect, impacting the global economy, including both US and Canadian companies. Therefore, comparing the safety of Canadian bonds versus US Treasuries depends on the specific scenario. In such cases, investors will probably invest in both treasuries."}
{"1258": "\n\n\nI recommend putting your money in an FD for one year, and then investing the interest you earn in a SIP (Systematic Investment Plan). While this may not provide high returns, it's a safe option that guarantees you won't lose your capital (unless the economy fails as a whole, which is unlikely). For instance, if you have 500,000 rupees to invest and place it in a fixed deposit for one year at a 9% compounded quarterly rate, you'll earn 46,500 in interest. With this interest, you can invest 3,875 rupees every month in an SIP for 12 months and renew your FD to continue earning interest. After ten years, you'll have 500,000 rupees in your FD and 418,500 rupees in your SIP (assuming funds earn 13-16% annually). Let's say your fund provides 14% interest for the next ten years. Here's what you'll make:\n\n1. 46,500 at 14% for 9 years - 151,215\n2. 8 years - 132,645\n3. 7 years - 116,355\n4. 6 years - 102,066\n5. 5 years - 89,531\n6. 4 years - 78,536\n7. 3 years - 68,891\n8. 2 years - 60,431\n9. 1 year - 53,010\n\nTotal Maturity Value on SIP: Rs. 8,52,680\nPrincipal on FD: Rs. 5,00,000\nInterest earned on the 10th year: Rs. 46,500\n\nTotal: Rs. 13,99,180 (14 lacs)\n\nNote that the interest rates and rate of return on funds may vary, and these figures are subject to change."}
{"1259": "\n\nThere is likely a more efficient method, but you may follow these steps: \n1. Right-click the right-facing arrow situated next to the \"1-20 of xx rows\" message located at the bottom right of the table. Choose \"Copy link location.\" \n2. Paste this into your intended location. \n3. Delete everything after the \"&output=json\" found at the end of the pasted text. \n4. Press \"Enter.\" \n\nThe resulting page will showcase the set of securities that matched your search criteria in a similar format to the \"stock screener\" but without the UI elements that let you adjust your selections. There is an option to bookmark this page."}
{"1260": "\n\nBefore considering any investments, it is important to gain a solid understanding of the basics of economics. Once this foundation is established, there are several key questions to ask yourself before making any investment decisions. Once you have answered these questions, a simple first suggestion can be made: \n\nIf you are confident in handling your investments independently and prefer a low-maintenance approach with an uncertain horizon, consider researching online banks that offer ETFs such as IWDA (accumulation, where dividends are reinvested or income, where dividends are paid out) and other specific options. Plan to buy and hold your investments for at least five years. \n\nIf you are confident in your ability to manage your investments and prefer a high-maintenance approach with a long horizon, you may consider stock picking. However, it is important to note that beating the market requires significant research (10+ hours per week) and may not be advisable with a small initial investment sum. In any case, always carefully review the prospectus of any investment, especially if a bank recommends certain actively traded funds. Yearly management fees of 2-3% are not uncommon and can significantly eat into your returns.\n\nConsider investing in ETFs such as IWDA, which only have a yearly cost of 0.20%. This is much less than the annual management fees of actively traded funds, and IWDA has consistently performed well over time. Regardless of your initial investment amount, focus on increasing your portfolio over time while keeping expenses in check. Compounding interest will then work in your favor."}
{"1261": "\n\nOne way to view yield is as the rate of interest you would earn from an investment, whether in the form of dividends for stocks or bond interest payments. Yield considers the projected annual earnings per share or unit and the current investment price. However, unlike a savings account, yield does not guarantee returns. For instance, even if you purchase an investment with a 4% yield, its value might decrease during your holding period, resulting in a net loss of money despite receiving dividend/interest payments."}
{"1262": "\n\nRewritten: The term \"secular\" refers to a significant period of time. When something is done on a long-term basis, it is considered to have a secular basis. Similarly, a trend that spans a significant amount of time is known as a secular trend. (Source: http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Secular)"}
{"1263": "\n\nIf you regularly invest in a 401(k) plan or invest automatically in a non-tax-deferred portfolio, you may consider rebalancing over time by adjusting your investment distribution. By allocating more to the accounts that are underperforming and less to those that are overperforming, you can avoid realizing capital gains or losses. This method takes longer to achieve balance, but it still offers some of the benefits of dollar-cost averaging. For example, if $200 is automatically transferred from your checking account to your broker or mutual fund each month, you can allocate a larger percentage of those funds to the underperforming account."}
{"1264": "\n\nYes, a HELOC would be perfect for that. Last month, I had my roof repaired at a cost of approximately $15,000 \u2013 it was such a pain. However, almost every major contractor in my area offered a 0% same-as-cash financing option for at least 12 months. This was a great help, but any unpaid balance after 11/15/2015 will be transferred to my HELOC."}
{"1265": "\n\nRevise:\n\nIf you are considering working under a UK umbrella company, creating a new legal entity in the UK may not be the best option due to the amount of paperwork and additional taxes involved without many benefits. Instead, request that the UK company remit payments directly to your Indian savings or business bank account, as they are the same from a tax perspective. While opening a business bank account requires more paperwork, it can be avoided. Keep in mind that as an independent contractor, you are still responsible for paying taxes in India. It's best to pay periodically and in advance instead of waiting until the end of the year. You may be able to claim work-related expenses, such as purchasing a laptop or mobile device, which can be deducted from your total income from the UK company."}
{"1266": "\n\nWhere does the money come from if there was no sale made? The refinancing bank provides a new loan. But how does a bank benefit from this, and why would they help someone lower their mortgage payments? Banks profit by selling new loans. For instance, big banks usually sell mortgage loans to institutional investors and only service them. By creating a new loan, banks generate another product to sell. They have already made profits by selling the previous loan and therefore do not mind about it. Investors might not make the same interest they could have generated if the loan had been held for the entire term, but they spread the investments evenly to avoid significant impacts from each refinancing. Credit unions don't always sell their mortgages, and their interest is to assist their shareholders in reducing their payments. Furthermore, banks that do not sell mortgages continue making profits, as the money paid off from the loan enables them to service another borrower."}
{"1267": "\n\nUnfortunately, there is no straightforward answer to this question as it is a very personal decision. Everyone's situation is unique, and despite the fact that there are many knowledgeable people here, they may not make the same decision as you even if they were in your exact situation. Personal finance is just that, personal. In my own situation, I would not borrow money during my retirement. If I had the necessary funds, I would use them to help fund the purchase, and if I didn't, I simply wouldn't help. For me, preserving wealth (in your case) is much more about behavior than math, despite being a math person. Borrowing money during retirement poses a significant amount of risk during a vulnerable period of your life where it may be harder to recover from negative events. This could cause financial issues later down the road. However, others may disagree with me and provide supporting evidence for borrowing instead of withdrawing money from investments based on the potential income from your nest egg. Keep in mind that if you pull out money from your investments, you may have to pay taxes on the withdrawn amount, which can greatly affect your income. In the US, the withdrawn amount would be taxed at the highest marginal rate, meaning that you might have to pull out more money than necessary to cover the taxes and down payment. The third option would be to find alternative ways to help your child, such as providing monthly payments for mortgage payments or contributing to home improvements to reduce the price of the house. It is also possible that your child may not be ready to buy a home just yet. Ultimately, it all depends on your individual situation. For instance, if you have a significant amount of investments, a comfortable pension with disposable income, and your child is only asking for a small amount, then withdrawing funds may not be a significant risk for you. In this situation, you can safely pull out money and not be concerned about recovering it, as your nest egg will quickly do so."}
{"1268": "\n\nPer-diem is non-taxable if all the conditions are met. These conditions are outlined in the IRS FAQ document on per-diem, among others."}
{"1269": "\n\nA stock's value is determined by the price that someone is willing to pay for it. When a stock trades at different values on different days, it signifies that someone was either willing to pay a higher price or someone was willing to sell at a lower price. While exchanges or regulators may intervene by halting trading, canceling trades, or imposing limits on significant price movements, this is not relevant to the point being made. It is important to note that a stock can trade at $10 and then $100 in the very next trade or even $1 in the next trade. Asking about the changes between the close of one day and the opening of the next is akin to inquiring about the difference between one trade and the next. It can simply be due to someone deciding to pay a different price or sell at a different value, and nothing else needs to happen during that period."}
{"1270": "\n\nYour analysis is clear and presents a sensible approach. The numbers sound accurate to me. However, there are a few other factors to consider. Firstly, in some jurisdictions, mortgage interest can be deducted from income tax. As you are in Texas, it is worth checking your specific situation to see if this applies to you. Additionally, investing in retirement accounts can also provide tax advantages. It is important to take into account the appropriate limits and predict how they may change over time.\n\nFurthermore, the money not being spent on your mortgage is available for emergencies or other expenditure. While investing is a good option, having more free access to your funds could hold extra value for you. Also, consider whether overpayments are an option for your mortgage. It provides a guaranteed return of the mortgage rate, and it's worth considering if this is an avenue you want to explore with your excess funds."}
{"1271": "\n\nBased on our experience, we have come to realize that rent-to-own schemes are scams as they intend to extract money from you in any way possible. Currently, we are having difficulty locating a lender capable of financing the total amount the seller is requesting for the property we wish to purchase. Unfortunately, the value of our existing home has decreased since we acquired it two years ago, and we are in danger of losing it as we do not possess the extra $40,000 that we were previously misled about. It is a challenging experience, especially after dealing with bankruptcies in the past. Nevertheless, we have learned from our mistakes and have no intention of repeating them."}
{"1272": "\n\nBased on my previous encounters, if you happen to break a CD, you will only forfeit the interest accrued over time. Your initial investment will remain secure. Therefore, go ahead and cancel the CD as the lost interest for a few days is insignificant."}
{"1273": "\n\nYour friend needs to understand a series of questions, including what happens to their vacation balances, vacation earning schedule, retirement fund matching, pension program, and health, dental, and vision costs and rules, as well as life insurance amounts. While some of these can be changed right away, others may not be modified due to IRS regulations this year. However, everything can be altered by next year, although the magnitude of change will depend on whether the company is being purchased or going out of business. If the company is being acquired or absorbed, the current plan is likely to remain unchanged, and they'll be incorporated into the plan next year. In the event of a split or acquisition, they may also have the opportunity to interview for new positions. If they're leaving the company, they'll no longer have to contribute to the plan, but they should note that their last day of work is their last chance to incur expenses through the flexible plan. As someone who's had experience with company purchases and splits, this is how I have seen it handled."}
{"1274": "\n\nAustralia, like the US, allows for greater flexibility in hidden orders. However, their approach to hidden orders differs from the Dutch custom more familiar in the UK and US. Australia's financial system evolved in a unique way, stemming from a history rooted in commodities trade. This focus on commodities, where precision is key, has resulted in an aggressive approach towards minimizing ticks in hidden orders. In contrast, the Dutch traded in fractional shares of ships, making higher precision unnecessary. New York, founded by the Dutch, specialized in logistics. Financial systems developed by commodities trade, like Chicago and Australia, have extended this emphasis on precision to all aspects of pricing - resulting in fantastic pricing. Thus, it is not surprising that Australia has taken a lead in promoting infinite precision."}
{"1275": "\n\nCapital is an asset whose value can decrease. When you buy a forex asset, you debit the DR Forex Asset account and credit the CR Cash account. When you sell, you debit the DR Cash account and credit the CR Forex Asset account. The difference is accounted for, as it represents gains or losses that modify your financial position (balance sheet). At the end of a period, your financial performance (profit and loss) is added to your balance sheet under equity. If your income relies on forex trading, you can account for it by periodically revaluing the asset and writing off the changes to the Forex Revaluation account (using the DR Asset and CR Forex Revaluation account entries). Businesses often do this to avoid being taxed on capital gains as income. For simplicity, individuals can account for gains/losses when buying and selling assets. Income and expenses are extensions of equity, with income increasing and expenses decreasing it. This relationship reflects the accounting formula Assets = Liabilities + Owners Equity."}
{"1276": "\n\nThere are various methods for trades to occur in the market. Some systems use order-matching software that utilizes exclusive algorithms to determine the order of processing, while others employ First-In, First-Out (FIFO) structures, and so on. Some brokerages execute customer orders from their own accounts (which is more common than most people realize), while others forward their orders to market makers for handling. It's not a straightforward answer to your question, but it's still a great question to pose. Furthermore, inquiring whether the market is \"fair\" is somewhat simplistic since fairness is subjective and reliant on the outcome of the trade. (smile) If your limit order wasn't filled, and you missed out on an opportunity, it will always feel unjust, won't it?"}
{"1277": "\n\nA contract for difference (CFD) is similar to placing a bet. Just as bookies do not own horses or racetracks but take payment and payout winnings, when you purchase a CFD, the money goes to the firm you bought it from. If the stock price moves in your favor, the firm will pay you. However, if it moves in the opposite direction, they may require additional funds to cover your losses beyond your initial investment. CFDs are derivatives, meaning you profit from the difference in price or \"delta\" rather than the absolute value of the underlying asset. Essentially, two parties place opposing bets and are obligated to pay or receive payment based on the outcome. There is a winner and a loser. While CFDs are similar to spread betting, they differ in that spread bets often have set time frames and charges are included in the spread, while CFDs generally require commissions. While someone holding a large number of CFDs could influence the stock price, this is not typically the case."}
{"1278": "\n\nIf you need legal representation, seek out a lawyer or law firm and schedule a consultation with them to discuss your case."}
{"1279": "\n\nAn LLC, or any company structure, consists of two parts, which is the main purpose of forming one. If a lawyer attempts to challenge the genuineness of the LLC, they may aim to \"pierce the corporate veil\" and go after personal assets such as a house, car, or IRAs. The legitimacy of the LLC is determined in a lawsuit by a judge. It is crucial to sustain the liability shield by considering how money is withdrawn. Otherwise, personal liability may occur, rendering the annual $25 registration fee useless. The IRS perceives single-member LLCs as a \"disregarded entity.\" While the entity must exist and be associated with you according to the IRS, for tax reporting purposes, they integrate the LLC's numbers into your personal numbers. You get to determine this classification, and LLCs offer different structures, including being taxed like a separate entity from yourself. The IRS disregards how money is transferred within the LLC as it has no impact on their assessment. It can be challenging to comprehend how to treat assets, with a personal lawyer warning against equating them to \"one big pile,\" while the IRS deems it a compulsory perspective. It's enough to make anyone feel dizzy."}
{"1280": "\n\nRevised: Obtaining a mortgage as an unmarried couple is not an issue at all. I did the same when my wife and I were engaged, and we were listed as joint tenants on the title. In this case, the mortgage should also have the partner as a signee to avoid any ownership disputes in the future. However, in case of a split, the process may become challenging. Nonetheless, it is a common practice for unmarried couples to purchase a house jointly. Therefore, seeking advice from a reliable broker is recommended."}
{"1281": "\n\nOther individuals provided answers regarding the comparison between owning an REIT and individual real estate investment. However, in regards to your second question, \"Are REITs a good option to generate passive income for a while?\" there seemed to be a lack of clear response. The time frame of \"a while\" is crucial in answering this question. If your goal is to invest for a relatively short period (let's say, seven years or less), investing in a REIT may prove to be especially beneficial. One significant advantage is that transaction fees are substantially lower when compared to purchasing real estate, which often involves inspection and titling fees, taxes, and broker fees, resulting in a round-trip transaction cost of around 10%. In contrast, stock/ETF trades are practically or potentially free today. A secondary advantage of owning a REIT is its liquidity. If you intend to sell your investment at a specific point in time, you can effortlessly log into your brokerage account and execute your transaction, unlike liquidating an investment property that would require time on the market, potentially involve removing tenants, fixing up the property, and other procedures. However, illiquid investments have generally yielded higher historical returns, according to past research."}
{"1282": "\n\nI find that my situation is remarkably similar to yours. Most of my portfolio, approximately 80%, is invested in low-cost ETFs, with 16% in bonds, 16% in commodities, and 48% in stocks. Additionally, I maintain 20% of my portfolio in 6-8 individual stocks. It's unfortunate that many investors overlook individual stocks. However, the advantage of owning individual stocks is that you can avoid management or holding fees, unlike ETFs or mutual funds. Provided that you assess the fundamentals of the company you plan to buy, such as its P/B, P/E, PEG, among others, and avoid excessive trading, individual stocks can generate decent returns. As a best practice, I suggest re-balancing your asset classes semi-annually and conducting an individual stock check-up. Over the years, I have found that my individual stocks have outperformed the S&P 500 most of the time, although this often comes with an increase in volatility. Since you have limited your stake to only 20%, the volatility should not be a major concern."}
{"1283": "\n\nI participated in Costco's program to obtain a supposedly hassle-free discount when purchasing my Prius. However, after interacting with other Prius owners on forums and TrueCar's website, I learned that I paid an average price. Several individuals in my area managed to negotiate a better price, some even saving $1-2k. Consequently, I am disappointed by the lack of a substantial discount and no longer intend to use Costco's program for future vehicle purchases."}
{"1284": "\n\nIf the discount is only available for financed cars, then their software application should have accepted the payment (electronic transfer ID) from the financing bank. In this case, the bank should have made the payment on behalf of your son. I believe the dealer knew in advance about the paperwork and deal they were making with your son since financing a car is a significant process involving the dealer and the bank."}
{"1285": "\n\nThe process of collateralization involves combining your mortgage with others to create a security for investors. When executed properly, this process results in increased liquidity and more opportunities for lending. However, mishandling of this process can lead to negative consequences. \n\nInterestingly, my mortgage is held solely by the issuing bank while yours has been sold into a pool of mortgages. One consequence of this is the reselling of the loan servicing. In my experience, I have had multiple mortgages that were sold annually while never paying ahead. However, with my current bank, I am now on my fifth refinancing and the bank has continually kept the loan in-house. It is unclear whether this is directly correlated to the originating bank, but this is my personal observation."}
{"1286": "\n\nI believe that the bank's behavior was not outright illegal, but rather pushy upselling. If you are dissatisfied, you can complain to the bank manager and even mention the employee by name if you know it. If your dissatisfaction persists, I recommend considering other banks and switching if necessary. Letting your current bank know why you are leaving may encourage them to improve their customer service. You could also file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or the Better Business Bureau, or write a negative Yelp review, but keep in mind that these actions may not result in any penalty for the bank in your specific case. If you are considering legal action, hiring a lawyer to sue the bank for fraud or misuse of your personal information may be an overreaction. Canceling your credit card and moving on may be the best course of action."}
{"1287": "\n\nRevised: Instead of being preoccupied with taxes, it might be more beneficial to focus on developing a solid stock portfolio. However, it's important to educate oneself on US laws to ensure compliance. Just my two cents."}
{"1288": "\n\nAs mentioned in the comments, according to the SMH article, each share of Wotif that you own entitles you to receive $3.30. The news about Wotif being replaced in the S&P ASX200 index by Healthscope does not affect your shares in Wotif. This change simply means that one company (Wotif) will be taken out of the index, and another (Healthscope) will take its place within the index, which comprises 200 companies in total."}
{"1289": "\n\nAllow me to offer a different perspective. Typically, the standard fee for a credit card transaction is 30 cents plus 2.5% of the amount, although the actual figures may differ slightly. Consequently, small businesses often find it unprofitable to process small charges and thus set a minimum purchase limit for credit/debit card payments. However, large retailers like Wal-Mart, Target, Safeway, or Home Depot can negotiate volume discounts, enabling them to incur significantly lower transaction costs than 30 cents plus 2.5%. Although the rewards points you earn from your credit/debit card do not depend on where you use them, I advocate for being mindful of the type of merchant. For enormous corporations, feel free to swipe your card, regardless of the purchase amount. For small businesses, try to pay with cash; otherwise, use your card if the cost exceeds several hundred dollars, as they may provide a cash discount. Additionally, it's a good idea to keep enough cash on-hand for such scenarios, and I suggest carrying around $20, which typically covers small purchases, such as coffee or lunch at a local caf\u00e9."}
{"1290": "\n\nDividend prices are calculated per share. Therefore, your dividend payout depends on the number of shares you own and the dividend price per share. However, people often focus on the dividend yield to compare various investment options. This percentage is calculated by dividing the dividend payout by the stock value, regardless of how it is determined. For example, a $1 dividend per share when the stock value is $10 yields a 10% dividend yield, whereas a $2 dividend per share when the stock value is $40 yields a 5% dividend yield. When selecting an investment, it is more valuable to look at the dividend yield rather than simply the dividend amount."}
{"1291": "\n\nI would not recommend going below the bill of sale value, but there is a legal and secure way to minimize taxes. This involves creating individual invoices for the boat, motor, and trailer, each taxed at different rates, providing a comprehensive representation of the overall sale price."}
{"1292": "\n\nI recommend postponing the purchase of a condo or apartment until you have, at least, six months of living expenses, including mortgage payments, saved in other investments that can be easily liquidated. This buffer will provide a safety net in case of an unexpected termination of employment, disability, or layoff. Alternatively, if you have a significant other whose income could sustain payments, this would also be beneficial. Failing to do so could result in significant financial loss if you cannot make the payments and/or if the housing market drastically declines. The recent housing bubble and Great Recession serves as an unfortunate lesson to many who lost their entire investment by not being able to make payments and/or seeing their property value decrease by one-third."}
{"1293": "\n\nThe other responses suggest that you will only receive a small amount of money in two days, as compared to your wages or the cost of electricity. However, the main issue here is the risk you are taking by paying late, specifically, the likelihood of the post office making a mistake. This risk is not worth the potential gain, and it is often these types of factors that people overlook when trying to optimize their finances. Typically, individuals may think, \"I can save a few pennies by doing this,\" but fail to consider the larger implications of their actions, which can lead to complications. While your question is valid and important, it is imprudent to jeopardize your financial well-being for the sake of a minor improvement. I strongly suggest against risking late payments for such superficial gains."}
{"1294": "\n\nThere are several reasons why share prices can rise or fall. The primary reason is that investors anticipate whether the company or economy will perform well or poorly. This is based on their expectation of profit and intrinsic value growth over a specific period, typically 1-4 quarters. Additionally, there may be a mismatch between supply and demand over a short period. \n\nThe true value of a company is its net worth, which is calculated by adding its cash, assets, stock in trade, brand value, other intangibles, and other incomes, and then dividing that sum by the number of outstanding shares. This is known as the book value. However, shares do not always trade at their book value. Investors may anticipate that someone else will purchase the shares at a higher price in the future due to positive long-term outlook for the company."}
{"1295": "\n\nRevised: It may not seem important, but if your card is stolen, it's crucial to take action. Fortunately, most cards offer 100% liability protection, so it's important to sign any necessary documents."}
{"1296": "\n\nRevised: Creating a proper world portfolio can be a complex challenge, with no definitive answer on the best way to construct it. The problem with a world portfolio is that it lacks a clear definition, allowing providers and individuals to use it in different ways, leading to confusion and messy history. Building a world portfolio requires caution as it is becoming more challenging. An effective tool that can help is selecting global equity to search for low-cost funds with PE/PB/Dividend yield. By using this tool, you can further investigate the topic with less spam."}
{"1297": "\n\nJames Roth offers a helpful stock picking strategy, but to expedite the process, we can utilize pre-calculated historical standard deviations from sources like Ibbotson's collection of well-researched papers. Find some useful examples below. Additionally, reading books on the topic can also provide valuable insight."}
{"1298": "\n\nInvestopedia provides insight into how a stock split affects options. Normally, option contracts control 100 shares of an underlying security at a predetermined strike price. To calculate the new coverage of an option, multiply the split ratio by the old coverage of 100 shares. To compute the new strike price, divide the old strike price by the split ratio. For instance, if you own a call for 100 shares of XYZ with a strike price of $75 and XYZ's stock splits 2 for 1, the option becomes 200 shares with a strike price of $37.50. Similarly, if the split is 3 for 2, the option becomes 150 shares with a strike price of $50. Therefore, a 2 for 1 stock split halves the option strike prices. It is important to note that after a split, each option contract still controls 100 shares.\n\nRegarding how dividends impact option prices, a well-written article explains that dividend payments could lead to decreased stock prices due to the reduction of a company's assets. If a stock is anticipated to decrease, its call options lose extrinsic value while its put options gain extrinsic value before this happens. Dividends decrease the extrinsic value of call options, not simply because of the expected drop in the stock price, but also because call options buyers do not receive dividends. Therefore, call options of dividend-paying stocks are less desirable than the stocks themselves, reducing their extrinsic value. The amount of the call option price drop because of dividends varies based on the option's moneyness. In the case of in-the-money call options with high delta, the drop would be most significant on the ex-date, while out-of-the-money call options with lower delta would be least affected.\n\nOn the other side, if a stock is expected to drop by some amount, such as after a dividend, the extrinsic value of its put options would already have factored this into the pricing. This effect relies on the moneyness of options. In-the-money put options would increase in extrinsic value almost as much as the dividend rate itself since they would have a delta of nearly -1, which means it would gain around a dollar if the stock dropped by a dollar. Therefore, moneyness is key as in-the-money put options would rise in extrinsic value more than out-of-the-money put options. It is essential to note that a $1 dividend payment does not always decrease an option's price by $1 on the ex-dividend date. Depending on whether an option is a call or put, in-the-money or out-of-the-money, the effect may differ."}
{"1299": "\n\nTo receive the dividends, you simply need to hold the shares on the ex-dividend date's opening. Even if you sell the shares on the same day, you will still be eligible for the dividends. Notably, the ex-dividend date precedes both the record date and payment date, meaning you will receive the payout even if you sold your shares before the record date."}
{"1300": "\n\nAs an Indian, here's what I would recommend: following these steps can help you maintain a healthy credit score and earn extra rewards on your spending."}
{"1301": "\n\nA lot, sometimes referred to as a round lot, signifies a quantity of physical goods, such as a carton of eggs or a barrel of oil. However, in the case of forex, the physical good is a currency. A spot currency product trades in the denomination on the right-hand side (RHS) of the product name. For instance, exchanging EUR/USD implies paying USD currency to acquire EUR \"units,\" while selling EUR/USD involves receiving USD by giving away EUR \"units.\" In this case, EUR is the \"physical good.\" To simplify this concept, all products, not just currencies, can be considered trading pairs. To illustrate, AAPL in my mind is AAPL/USD. When buying AAPL/USD, you pay USD to obtain AAPL units. Conversely, selling AAPL/USD implies receiving USD by giving away AAPL units. The thing on the left represents the physical good (even if it's money) that you are trading, while the thing on the right is the money you're exchanging. Thus, when buying a lot of AAPL, 100 shares are purchased at their current price in dollars. Similarly, purchasing a lot of EUR/USD indicates buying 100K Euros at their current price in dollars."}
{"1302": "\n\nThis appears to be a suspicious tactic. It is advisable to seek advice from a consumer debt attorney in your vicinity. Many county bar associations in the United States offer referral services that suggest local lawyers at a reduced rate for the first consultation. Although I believe the statute of limitations is typically ten years, it may vary depending on your location. Based on the limited information given, their claim seems weak. Therefore, it's essential to contact a lawyer, and do not tolerate any harassment from their end."}
{"1303": "\n\nEssentially, I agree with what @littleadv has said, but I'd like to emphasize what I believe is the most critical point. As previously mentioned, you hire a title company for their expertise. If there was a legal flaw in the county office's recorded title, would you be able to identify it? Your question is similar to asking why you should see a doctor when you can cultivate herbal medicines in your garden and self-treat. There's a possibility that you could manage it, but doctors and pharmacists have years of training to do it correctly, while you probably don't. Even if it's feasible to learn everything necessary to complete it correctly, would you want to devote your time to studying something you might only do once every ten years? Will you be able to remember everything, or will you have to learn it all over again? \n\nThe most important point, however, is that title companies provide insurance in case the title is flawed. This is why I would use a title company even if no bank were involved, and I was paying cash. If there's a legal flaw in the title and someone else has ownership of my home, and I lose the dispute, I could lose up to $100,000, and possibly even more. This is a significant risk. Paying a few hundred dollars for insurance against such a risk is well worth it. \n\nFurthermore, conducting \"due diligence\" is not an easy task. It's not solely about verifying that a title is on file at the courthouse and has the correct seal on it. It's about ensuring that no one else has a legal claim to the property. For instance, perhaps someone forged a signature on a deed three owners ago, making the sale fraudulent. The individual who was deceived or their heirs could subsequently claim ownership of the property. Alternatively, the previous homeowner could have failed to pay a contractor who performed repairs on the house, resulting in a lien on the property. It's unlikely that you would be able to identify a forged document, and you almost surely would have no means of determining if the signature on an otherwise valid-looking document is forged. You'd also have to do extensive research to identify every contractor who has ever worked on the house and ensure that none of them have a claim."}
{"1304": "\n\nIf you're not currently employed, I assume you're receiving financial support from your family to cover your expenses. In this scenario, I recommend setting up a cash account to track your monthly spending and incoming funds. This is something I used to do when I was your age. You can keep track of everything in a notebook or use online tools like Google Sheets. Simply record each expense as a debit and each source of income as a credit on a daily basis. At the end of each month, calculate your totals and assess your spending habits to see where you can cut back. This approach can also assist you in developing an annual budget to more effectively manage your personal finances over time."}
{"1305": "\n\nWhen you said \"it's expensive,\" I assumed you meant that the monthly payments are too high. To address this, you'll need to pay off your old loan by selling your current car, which is the challenging part. To determine the possible selling price of your car, use Kelley Blue Book as a reference, but keep in mind that the actual figure might be lower. Check similar cars' prices in your local classifieds, as you'll most likely receive less money if you trade your car in instead of selling it privately. If you owe more than your car's worth, you're in a difficult position. Suppose you don't receive enough money to clear the loan after selling the car. In that case, you'll remain responsible for the remainder of the loan. It might be best to stick with the car you currently own and exercise caution regarding payment schedules and loan terms when financing your next vehicle. Most car loans don't impose early payment penalties, but it's a good idea to double-check your loan agreement to be certain."}
{"1306": "\n\nIf you acquired shares with a discounted rate through the ESPP, the 50% exemption would not be applicable. It is rare for a US parent company ESPP to be eligible for the 110(1)(d) exemption since most US plans offer a discount."}
{"1307": "\n\nBased on your questions and comments, it appears that this is your first time making an offer to purchase a house. It also seems that the seller is selling the property as a FSBO (for sale by owner), which you can learn more about at fsbo.com. As a first-time buyer, I recommend you research the purchase process by reading articles on \"first-time home buyer\" through Google.\n\nIt is crucial that you do not make a written offer until you fully understand the process, especially since you are a FTB. It is advisable to hire a real estate lawyer or agent to assist you with writing the offer, as this will ensure you are protected. While it may cost a fee, it is worth it.\n\nRegarding the offer amount, it depends on how much you can afford to pay. If you need a mortgage loan, most banks prefer not to lend more than 80% of the appraised value of the house. The appraised value is determined once the bank's appraiser assesses the property after the seller has accepted your bid. If your bid is larger than the appraised value, you can still proceed with the deal as long as you have personal funds to pay the balance.\n\nIt is best to make an offer in the same ballpark as the market value to reduce the risk of the deal falling through. Additionally, it is smart to obtain pre-approval from a lender, so you have an idea of how much you can afford and what properties to consider. If you cannot get a mortgage commitment within a certain timeframe, ensure you have a clause in the offer that allows you to back out without losing your earnest money."}
{"1308": "\n\nCFDs (Contracts for Difference) are contracts between you and your broker based on the difference in price of the underlying asset when you open and close a position. Contrary to buying the actual asset, you are not actually acquiring any underlying assets when you trade CFDs. Shares CFDs, particularly, are akin to purchasing shares on margin. Holding long positions overnight would require you to pay interest; on the other hand, holding short positions overnight would earn you interest. Typically, traders use CFDs for short-term trading. However, depending on your trading plan, they can also be used for medium to longer-term trading. It is important to bear in mind that you stand to lose more than your initial contract amount since you are buying on margin. To mitigate this risk, position sizing and stop-loss orders can be used. For instance, if you want to invest $10,000 in a particular share trading at $10 per share, you can purchase 1000 shares or 1000 CFDs in that share. Your initial expense with the CFDs might only be $1000 (at a margin rate of 10%). This way, you limit your risk to the same as if you were buying the shares directly, instead of exposing yourself to an initial outlay of $10,000 with CFDs."}
{"1309": "\n\nOr, at least, that's what I observed with Bank of America."}
{"1310": "\n\nThe percentages regarding expenses cannot be determined solely based on location as it depends on various factors. For instance, individuals with low income would spend a more significant portion of their income on food compared to those with high income. Therefore, any budgeting guideline should be considered as a starting point, and individuals must create their budget plan by examining their income and expenses. Begin by listing all the necessity expenses, including fixed ones, and allocate funds accordingly. The remaining funds can be spent on discretionary expenses such as hobbies, entertainment, and other items. Finding ways to save on necessities can help to free up funds for discretionary spending. Each person's budget will differ based on their income and priorities. Novices might benefit from using budgeting software such as YNAB, EveryDollar, or Mvelopes to simplify the process."}
{"1311": "\n\nI suggest opening a Roth IRA that can help you generate a substantial amount in the long run without paying taxes on your earnings. However, contributions are subject to yearly limits, which is currently at $5,500. You can still contribute for the previous and current tax year, as long as you haven't filed your taxes yet. It is recommended to have two accounts at a discount brokerage firm; one for the Roth IRA, and the other for the excess funds that cannot be put in the Roth IRA. Note that you cannot transfer stocks from the brokerage account to the Roth IRA; only cash is permitted. To transfer, first sell some of the stocks and turn them into cash. Keep in mind that any gains or losses incurred will need to be reported to the IRS. It is advisable to invest in stocks for the long term, and consider signing up for a premium service like \"Motley Fool Stock Advisor\" to get monthly stock picks. Invest small amounts in each stock and avoid loading up on a single stock. This will ensure that you own quality companies that can withstand market fluctuations. Good luck with your investment journey!"}
{"1312": "\n\nThe process of creating and redeeming shares in an ETF is known as the Creation/Redemption mechanism. This mechanism can result in differences between the value of the holdings and the trading price of the ETF. When an ETF is thinly traded, this difference can be significant since the mechanism typically requires lots of 50,000 shares. \n\nAuthorized Participants (APs) are responsible for buying and selling ETF shares. As demand for additional shares of an ETF increases, APs will create new shares by purchasing underlying securities and exchanging them for new shares. Conversely, when demand for shares decreases, APs will process redemptions by exchanging shares for underlying securities.\n\nFor example, if the NAV of an ETF is $20/share and the trading price is $30/share, APs can buy underlying securities for $20/share and exchange them for 50,000 new shares of the ETF. They can then sell those ETF shares for $30/share, resulting in a profit. The process is reversed if the prices are switched. The SEC also acknowledges this process."}
{"1313": "\n\nHere is the formula's derivation: The loan amount is equivalent to the present value of all repayments combined."}
{"1314": "\n\nThe Bank's perspective on your behavior is different from that of a credit reporting bureau. If you don't utilize your credit card to its full potential, the Bank may ask you to lower your credit limit but this is not equivalent to missing a payment. However, making only the minimum payment is not recommended, and you should aim to clear the balance within three months. This is comparable to a short-term line of credit. Failing to pay off the balance or transferring it to another card suggests a cash flow problem or \"kite flying,\" which some banks refer to as previous behavior with cheque accounts. By consistently using the credit and paying it off, you are likely to receive offers for a credit increase, which the Bureau will be informed of. Furthermore, depending on the Bank's trust in you, the Bureau may conduct a monthly credit review, especially if you have no delinquencies. American Express commonly implements this practice."}
{"1315": "\n\nIf you're required to pay business taxes beyond what's included in the standard US 1040 form, the IRS' Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS) is available for your use. This system allows you to enroll your bank accounts and make payments for estimated taxes, penalties, and more. You can access the EFTPS site by following this link."}
{"1316": "\n\nIn some states, it is your responsibility as a buyer to pay the sales tax on a transaction, even if the seller doesn't collect it. This is especially true for online purchases across state lines. For instance, in Massachusetts, where sales tax is applicable, if you buy something from a seller located in New Hampshire, where sales tax is not levied, you are required to pay sales tax on the purchase while filing your income tax returns. Opting for a service that doesn't include taxes merely shifts the burden of paperwork to the buyer. Though you might save some money by paying in cash, as discussed by others, it comes with a risk if something goes wrong with the transaction. The seller may take your money and not fulfill their end of the agreement, or do a shoddy job, or worse, cause damage to your property. Without a proper receipt, it's your word against theirs that a transaction even took place. When a seller offers a discount for an under-the-table transaction, it's natural to be apprehensive. However, the sensible course of action is to decline the offer and seek safer alternatives."}
{"1317": "\n\nAs a non-corporate entity, you have engaged in a business relationship with them. Given that they have paid you more than $600 during the year, it is necessary for them to issue both you and the IRS a 1099 form for tax reporting purposes. To complete this process, they require your W9 taxpayer certification. While they were expected to request this information prior to paying you, it is still necessary for them to obtain it now."}
{"1318": "\n\nThere are many informative responses here, particularly highlighting the possibility that renting can be more expensive than anticipated. Additionally, it's important to consider that paying rent is money that you won't be able to recover, whereas consistently paying your mortgage enables you to recoup some of your costs upon selling the property. Typically, this amounts to around 30% of the total mortgage payments made, which can be personally calculated by dividing the expected sale price of the property by the total mortgage payments. Therefore, it's generally advisable to only walk away from your mortgage if the cost of rent in your desired location is significantly lower (around 30%) than your mortgage payment and is stable. Rather than immediately abandoning your mortgage, consider refinancing your mortgage with a new one. In 2008, interest rates were approximately 5.8%, whereas current rates are at approximately 3.6%. While the process may differ depending on location, refinancing can be a great way to save thousands of dollars or more."}
{"1319": "\n\nInsiders are required to file SEC Form 3 and SEC Form 4 when they make acquisitions, transfers, sells, and buys of shares/derivatives. However, there is a time limit within which these forms must be filed, typically 12 business days after the action has been taken. Depending on your strategy, this delay may be significant in terms of its impact on the market. You may obtain these forms from SEC sources or third-party websites and services. Furthermore, some forms of insider trading are allowable at specific intervals. If you can anticipate when specific shares will become unlocked, you can predict how insider actions and share prices may fluctuate around those times."}
{"1320": "\n\nThis list includes shareholders who do not hold their shares in \"street name\" as well as brokerages that hold shares on behalf of their clients. However, the statistic is essentially meaningless because it only reveals a small number of individuals who own shares directly and a large number of Wall Street brokers who hold shares on behalf of their clients."}
{"1321": "\n\nThis simulation game utilizes authentic historical S&P 500 data to determine whether one can successfully \u201ctime the market.\u201d The game begins with a $10,000 investment, and presents 10 years worth of index values wherein players may choose to sell (once), and subsequently buy (once). At the end of the game, players discover how well they performed in comparison to simply holding the initial investment. Though with a lot of gameplay one may eventually achieve success, I personally have never been able to beat it."}
{"1322": "\n\nI came across the Zephyr database which fulfills my requirement. However, I am open to suggestions of other (open) sources. Please feel free to share."}
{"1323": "\n\nThere is no such thing as a \"crash proof\" portfolio, but you can make it resistant to crashes by diversifying and avoiding knee-jerk reactions when the markets tumble. Instead of focusing solely on worst-case scenarios like a US default, it is important to also consider more likely situations. Currently, inflation and interest rates seem to be on the rise, which means investors should consider short-duration bonds that are less susceptible to rate risk. However, it is also important to avoid opportunity cost. Some investors sold all their equities during the 2008/2009 economic downturn and are now holding large sums of cash, avoiding losses but also missing out on potential returns of 25-40%."}
{"1324": "\n\nRevised: To report insider activity, submitting SEC forms is mandatory. The SEC defines an insider as either (i) a person or entity that has a beneficial ownership of 10% or more shares in the company, (ii) an officer or director of the company, or (iii) a person or entity involved in trading based on non-publicly accessible knowledge. Regardless, individuals or entities engaging in such trades must file certain forms. Form 3 is mandatory when a person first becomes an insider by assuming the role of an officer, director, or acquiring a specified percentage of shares. Form 4 must be filed when an existing insider trades the company's stock. Alternatively, reports of small value insider trades are filed using Form 5, but with a delay. Further details are available on the SEC website. Additionally, it is possible that a large number of options or derivatives were activated by either an officer, director or lending institution. In the case of officers or directors, they must report such cases in the SEC's Form 4. In the event of an institution exercising warrants as per a lending agreement, either Form 3 or Form 4 must be filed. As per the answer provided by username, another probable scenario was pointed out."}
{"1325": "\n\nThe CIA - The World Factbook webpage contains a wealth of data, including information on GDP values. It provides comprehensive details on 267 world entities such as history, government, economy, geography, communications, transportation, military, and transnational issues. The Reference tab offers maps of major world regions, as well as a Physical Map of the World, a Political Map of the World, a World Oceans map, and a Standard Time Zones of the World map, along with Flags of the World."}
{"1326": "\n\nRevised: One significant issue with using historical stock graphs is that they determine the stock price based on the current market volume. For instance, if one were to examine Majesco Entertainment's (COOL) data from June 2016, the graph would show the stock trading between $5-6. However, the actual value was between $0.50-$1.00. In August, the company underwent a 6:1 reverse split. Hence, to adjust for today's share count, June's value would be around $5-6 per share. Analyzing Home Depot's 1988 performance would be challenging since the company has undergone numerous splits, making it difficult to estimate a single share's worth. The chart's scale would be impacted by 1987 and 1989, further complicating the analysis."}
{"1327": "\n\nRevised: The gain on RSU is not classified as a capital gain, instead, it is regarded as wages and included as part of your salary for tax purposes. You are unable to use capital losses exceeding $3000 annually to offset it. However, if you have any RSUs remaining after they vest and you subsequently sell them at a profit, the gain, which is the difference between the vesting price and the sale price, will be treated as a capital gain, and you can offset it with your prior year's capital losses."}
{"1328": "\n\nThe regulations governing withdrawals from this account differ significantly. Unfortunately, there exists no provision for withdrawing funds penalty-free for home purchases. However, if the account has been operational for a minimum of five years, the principal (but not the earnings) may be withdrawn without incurring any penalties. It may be advisable to consult a financial advisor for additional information. The fundamental inquiry is why one would want to utilize their future earnings to finance their present expenditure? One should obtain their down payment funds from an alternative source that isn't their retirement savings. Using retirement funds should be a last resort in dire financial circumstances."}
{"1329": "\n\nConsider an individual who pays $1,000,000 in taxes; their income must be substantial, which is a worthwhile goal. Generally, investments do not lower one's taxes. John Grisham's novel features a discussion on tax shelters, but the specific book escapes my memory. The discussion mentions some investments that can lower taxes, such as purchasing a house. Mortgage interest on a principle residence is deductible if you itemize deductions. If you don't itemize, focus on increasing your income, making itemizing beneficial. Small businesses generally have more deductions than individuals, making it worthwhile to own one. Many deductions can be discovered by the owner or their accountant, such as leasing a car/truck and taking tax-deductible meals. However, these should not be reasons to start a business."}
{"1330": "\n\nRevised: LLCs offer great flexibility when it comes to taxation, with three basic tax options available. Creating an LLC also provides the benefit of protecting personal assets. Even if the complexity of an S-Corp LLC is not desirable, it is still advisable to consider forming a sole proprietorship LLC for other compelling reasons."}
{"1331": "\n\n\"Wire transfer is a reliable method for transferring significant amounts of money across countries. It is possible to exchange Japanese Yen into USD with Japanese banks and transfer the funds to Canada. However, it is uncertain whether they can directly convert JPY into CND for wiring the funds. To simplify the process, opening a USD bank account in Canada could be beneficial.\""}
{"1332": "\n\nYou have actually posed two distinct questions. Firstly, you express interest in setting aside some funds for your family. In that case, I suggest you acquire knowledge about investing. Enhancing your investment expertise is an investment in itself that is highly likely to yield benefits in the long run. While a comprehensive response would be too long for this forum, I can point you towards some essential resources to begin with, such as asset allocation and low-cost index funds. It is advisable to read books on the subject, explore stack exchange posts, and refrain from being swayed by the marketing tactics of Wall Street brokers. Before thinking about any long-term investments, you ought to create an emergency fund, comprising six months' of your expenses. This fund can provide you with access to liquid money in scenarios such as job loss and also inspire a restful night's sleep.\n\nSecondly, you allude to the critical factors to bear in mind before making such an investment. Primarily, it's the degree of risk involved (which has been explored in previous responses). Investing money in a single stock comes with a high level of risk, particularly when your income relies on that company. To reframe the question, what portion of your portfolio should you invest in one stock? (As answered in this post). If you believe it's a sound decision after considering all factors, proceed with caution by investing in it only up to 10% of your total savings or even less."}
{"1333": "\n\nIn finance, the form and function of a trade are closely intertwined. While there can be various reasons for a trade, the end goal is always a change in value. This suggests that the motivation behind a trade is likely to receive a positive change in value.\n\nOwnership of a stock company is determined by percentage or a \"share.\" Percentage companies are typically sole proprietorships and partnerships, while corporations are usually share companies. The use of shares allows for flexible ownership and easy trading without amending the company contract. It is reasonable to assume that common stock contract provisions were crafted with the intent to facilitate such transactions.\n\nPeople may have different motivations for trading, but those who own large stakes in common stock are typically seeking wealth accumulation. Shorting, where an investor profits from a decrease in value, may be more complicated, but the motivation behind it is still to increase wealth.\n\nThe social benefit of a stock market is to allow for scaled ownership through convenience, speed, and reliability. Owning a part of a company can be socially valuable, and the total value of ownership has proportional social value."}
{"1334": "\n\nI advise against requesting a credit increase. Instead, try increasing the usage of one of your cards while decreasing the usage of others. Make sure to pay off your balances in full every month. Eventually, the card you are using more may offer you a credit increase because they see you are a responsible and profitable customer. If they don't make an offer, you can contact them directly and ask for an increase. If they refuse, consider reducing your future spending on their card or switching to a different one. Cancelling a card could harm your credit score, so it's best to avoid that option. The goal is to maintain a good relationship with your credit card company while keeping your credit utilization and payments under control."}
{"1335": "\n\nIn the US, these financial products are commonly referred to as certificates of deposit or savings accounts, both of which are readily available at all typical banks. Essentially, you provide the bank with funds, and in turn, they will pay you an interest rate that is a fraction or negative offset of their predicted returns from your deposit. Given that most investments that banks make, such as lending to local businesses, are typically based on a positive offset or multiple of the prime rate, the interest rate offered on these accounts will also be based on the prime rate. To find the banks that offer the most competitive rates on certificates of deposit or savings accounts, you can explore websites such as BankRate."}
{"1336": "\n\nThe strategy is sound, and I acknowledge your point on volatility potentially increasing option premiums to a point where they may not be worthwhile. However, the value of an option is subjective and dependent on market perceptions of volatility and stock trends. For example, if the market anticipates the stock will rise, the option at 45 could cost significantly less. On the other hand, if the market expects the stock to fall, the option at 45 may not even be available, or if it is, it may come at a higher premium. Ultimately, there is no definitive right or wrong here. Instead, the viability of this strategy depends on the specific options available at their respective prices, regardless of dividends."}
{"1337": "\n\nYou don't need to interact with a human to open an account at Schwab. Simply provide your social security number and US driver's license. Visit http://www.schwab.com/public/schwab/investing/accounts_products/accounts/brokerage_account to apply online or through the mail. There will be some questions regarding your investing experience which they are obligated to ask to ensure you make suitable investment choices."}
{"1338": "\n\nOne way to estimate the annual turnover rate of stocks is by calculating the institutional investors' holding of a particular stock. These investors are mandated to provide such data, and they generally undertake the majority of trading activity. However, this process may be tedious. An alternative ratio that can serve as a substitute is Share Turnover. This ratio is calculated by dividing the number of shares traded by the number of shares outstanding. For instance, if we compare the Share Turnover for three companies and obtain the following results: Company A - 1.5 times, Company B - 3 times, and Company C - 0.3 times, we can infer that Company C experienced low activity. The number of shares traded during that period was only a minuscule fraction of shares outstanding, while most traders held onto their shares without trading them. By conducting a cross-sectional analysis of companies you intend to invest in, it's possible to identify which ones have the least trading activity."}
{"1339": "\n\nBonds are known to perform exceptionally well during a recession, with safer bonds doing even better. It can be helpful to think of the economy as having four seasons, each characterized by specific economic conditions. A \"growing economy\" is one with high growth and low inflation, while an \"overheating economy\" has high growth and high inflation. In contrast, \"stagflation\" refers to low growth and high inflation, while a \"recession\" is characterized by low growth and low inflation. During a recession, investing in bonds is considered the best approach. For example, qplum's flagship strategy had a high allocation to bonds during the financial crisis, resulting in better returns in backtesting."}
{"1340": "\n\nSince 1971, mortgage interest rates have never been more than 0.25% below current rates, which currently stand at 3.6%. Even if we limit ourselves to the last four years, rates have been as high as 0.89% more than current rates. However, overall, we remain much closer to the record low interest rate than any type of high, with rates currently at a three-year low. While we should anticipate interest rates to eventually rise, so far there is no indication that this will occur. In fact, there are concerns that the Federal Reserve has been overly aggressive in raising rates, much like what occurred around the 2008 financial crisis. Additionally, the repercussions of Brexit point towards an easing in monetary policy rather than a tightening."}
{"1341": "\n\nThe revised text:\n\nA foreign stock mutual fund is comprised of stocks and is therefore classified as part of the stock market. Your self-occupied house, on the other hand, definitely belongs to the real estate category. However, when considering selling your house, keep in mind that it could incur costs similar to renting, and it shouldn't be left out if you plan to invest in more real estate. Doing so might cause you to become overexposed in this category. CDs are typically viewed as cash investments; although they may be considered bonds, their principal does not decrease. The most challenging category to consider is REITs. It would be helpful to see a graph indicating the level of correlation between REITs and the real estate market to determine their classification."}
{"1342": "\n\nAfter consulting with the IRS (click here for IRS contact info), I was informed that obtaining a new EIN is unnecessary. Instead, if I file the appropriate employer federal tax return (940/941), the filing requirements will be automatically updated. While on the phone with the IRS, they updated my LLC's filing requirements, leaving me with no need for a new EIN. It should be noted that this answer and any advice provided should not be solely relied upon for tax advice, as every situation may be unique. I highly recommend reaching out to the helpful representatives at the IRS for guidance. For me, contacting the IRS has always been a helpful experience."}
{"1343": "\n\nPossible revision: For me, locksmithing part-time makes up a small proportion of my overall income, so I choose to report it as hobby income instead of creating a separate record for it."}
{"1344": "\n\nIt is difficult to determine what is legal without knowledge of the contract and location. However, from a personal finance perspective, it is important to obtain written confirmation of any deposit or application fee payments. This should include specific details such as the make, model, year, and color of a car or the unit number and rental rate for an apartment. If a company is engaging in bait and switch tactics, it is best to walk away and attempt to obtain a refund of the application fee. Additionally, researching local laws or seeking legal advice may provide options for recourse. Going forward, it is important to pay close attention to application fees and to choose locations that have reasonable fees without non-refundable deposits."}
{"1345": "\n\nYou are correct in stating that income must be reported to the IRS even if a 1099-MISC has not been received. In this case, the $40 should be reported on Schedule C or Schedule C-EZ. If the net profit is less than $400, Schedule SE does not need to be filed. It is important to note that any income earned through self-employment, as an independent contractor, or from informal side jobs is fully taxable and must be reported on Form 1040. This includes income that is less than $600 and even if a 1099-MISC is not received. Forms 1040 Schedule C or C-EZ should be used to report income and expenses, and Form 1040 Schedule SE should be prepared for self-employment taxes if the net profit exceeds $400. Income should not be reported as Other Income on Form 1040 Line 21. It is important to remember that all independent contractors must report income as taxable, regardless of the amount received or whether a 1099-MISC has been issued. The taxpayer is responsible for reporting all income earned."}
{"1346": "\n\nRevised text: When running your business, it's important to note that your income and expenses should not include HST. If you charge someone $100 plus $13 HST, your revenue is $100, and the $13 should be remitted to the government separately. Likewise, if you purchase an item for $10 plus $1.30 HST, you would record the expense as $10, and deduct the $1.30 from the HST owed to the government. Regarding HST compensation, if you receive any payment from the government, such as interest on a refund, you must declare it as income. The letter accompanying the payment will provide relevant information on the declaration process."}
{"1347": "\n\nWhile investing in municipal bonds may be a sound strategy for minimizing tax obligations, it may not yield the highest gains, typically ranging between 1-2%. However, investing in municipal bonds is commendable as it helps support the community."}
{"1348": "\n\nI suggest taking legal action and filing a breach of contract lawsuit in this situation. It has been acknowledged that the 1p repricing problem was an unintended error that falls outside the intended functionality of the software."}
{"1349": "\n\nRevised: It's important to note that the IRS views any gifts of cash or cash equivalents from an employer (in this instance, a partnership) to an employee (your husband) as wages, irrespective of how the transfer is labeled or conducted. To gain better insight into this matter, I suggest you go through IRS publications 535 and 15-B, which I have linked in my response to littleadv's previous question. It would also be wise to consult with an attorney since you are aware of the income and cannot claim the \"innocent spouse\" clause in case of your husband's conviction for tax fraud or evasion. Best of luck."}
{"1350": "\n\nRevised:\n\nVolkswagen (VW) boasts more brands, making it a more diversified company. However, this may not always be advantageous for investing as it can limit your portfolio. For instance, if you believe that Hyundai is a good alternative to VW but prefer Audi, buying VW may give you some Audi but also expose you to other VW brands. As a result, if you then acquire Hyundai, you may end up having a disproportionate representation in that specific market segment. Although Audi is not necessarily unique, it is still the sole carmaker that offers Audi branded cars. For instance, someone may believe that Audi models will perform exceptionally well in their niche and want to invest in them specifically. A company with lots of brands is not always ideal. General Motors had sixteen brands before filing for bankruptcy and now only has twelve. If you feel differently and prefer VW over Audi as an investment opportunity, there might be good reasons for that choice (I am not well-versed in either company). It is also possible that VW is the only entity buying Audi shares because most investors share your perspective."}
{"1351": "\n\nwill clarify further.\n\nRevised text: \nIn an \"efficient\" investment market, the risk premium would perfectly balance the probability of loss such that all investment options have equal expected returns over long periods. However, in reality, riskier investments tend to yield higher long-term returns because the risk premium is greater than the efficient amount. This is due to many investors' short-term outlook and asymmetric preferences where the pain of loss outweighs the reward of gain. Moreover, we should perceive risk and expected reward as interrelated. For example, if I lend money to an unreliable borrower, I would demand a better deal than if I lend to a reliable one. This explanation may address your confusion, but please let me know if I misunderstood your query."}
{"1352": "\n\nLoans are governed by three key factors that determine the level of risk to lenders and therefore, the interest rate. An interest rate on a loan is linked to market interest rates and the level of risk associated with the borrower. The three features of a loan that reduce the risk of default are as follows:\n\n1. Amortisation: This involves using a portion of the monthly payments to pay down the principal amount borrowed. Since the principal amount decreases over time, the risk of default decreases as well.\n\n2. Security: A secured loan uses an asset such as a car, house, boat, gold, or shares as collateral. If the borrower defaults, the lender can repossess the asset to recover their money.\n\n3. Guarantor: This involves having a third party guarantee the repayment of the loan. If the borrower fails to repay the loan, the guarantor is legally responsible for settling the debt.\n\nThese three features reduce the risk of default, and therefore, the interest rate is lower on loans that possess these characteristics. The interest rate on a loan is made up of three components: the market interest rate (m), the interest rate premium based on the borrower's creditworthiness (c), and the value of loan features that help reduce the risk (l). Therefore, the formula for calculating the interest rate is: r = m + c - l.\n\nCredit ratings are not always an exact science, and two lenders may assess the same credit score differently. This is due to various business reasons and loan book criteria, which will not be discussed here. It is important to note that different loan types offer varying levels of flexibility at different interest rates. For instance, a person who does not want to risk losing their car would not opt for a secured loan, but instead opt for a loan with a guarantor."}
{"1353": "\n\nYou may earn a profit in nominal dollars (or units of your currency), but whether you make a profit in real dollars depends on inflation and the ability to sell your tokens to someone else for a higher price. For instance, if you bought a token for 50 U in the past, and now you can either spend 52 U for a token or use your existing token to buy a liter of milk, you might think you earned a profit of 2 U. However, the real or illusionary nature of your profit depends on what else you can do with the token.\n\nSuppose a token and a hamburger each cost 50 U in the past, but now a hamburger costs 52 U. If you can sell your token for 52 U and still buy a hamburger for 50 U, you gain 2 U or make a profit. However, if a hamburger now costs 52 U or more, then selling your token for 52 U merely enables you to maintain your original purchasing power in hamburgers. This demonstrates that, in practice, the idea of \"profit\" depends on the overall economy and the relative price changes of various goods.\n\nMoreover, in reality, currency is not tied to a particular commodity like the milk token, so its value may decrease in the absolute sense. Suppose you sold a book for $5, which may not enable you to purchase the same book in the future if prices have risen. If inflation escalates, it can lead to the token's loss of value or decrease in purchasing power.\n\nTherefore, while it's simple to calculate profits in currency units, it's hard to measure real terms. This concept is interconnected with the capacity to trade currency for goods and services, as the inflation-adjusted dollar gauge will vary depending on the goods being purchased. Inflation figures released by governments use a basket of commodities to estimate the overall price changes in the economy."}
{"1354": "\n\nRewritten:\n\nAs discussed earlier, some banks offer reward points for debit card usage. Additionally, there are a few banks that provide reward points for netbanking transfers, but they are fewer in number than for debit card usage. However, using a debit card on fraudulent websites can be risky as it can easily be compromised. If this happens, it is possible to hot list the card and get a new one issued. On the other hand, changing the login ID/User ID for netbanking can be a challenge as certain banks have incorrect implementation. In terms of dispute resolution, the involvement of the Master or Visa network ensures a well-established mechanism. Netbanking is easier to use as no 16-digit number, expiry date, or CVV needs to be remembered. Furthermore, transactions are instant with netbanking, whereas with a card, it may take up to 3 days to resolve an issue in case of a slow connection. Simply logging in to check if the debit has gone through is all that is required when using netbanking."}
{"1355": "\n\nA \"covenant\" is a solemn promise to either undertake a specific action or abstain from it. When declaring dividends, companies need to balance their interests with those of their shareholders. They must decide whether to use their surplus cash to generate more revenue or return profits to shareholders. Many countries have regulations that stipulate when and how much dividends can be given. These regulations also outline dividend declaration policies to protect the interests of all stakeholders. For instance, if a company is facing a significant lawsuit, it is not allowed to distribute surplus cash as dividends. If such a lawsuit is successful, the company will not have any money to pay out. The Company Law Board ensures that all these provisions are followed in a just and equitable manner. Thus, when we say \"these covenants include provisions about passing dividends,\" it means the company has to exercise due diligence when deciding on the dividends to be paid out."}
{"1356": "\n\nThe prospectus of the fund serves as an excellent starting point."}
{"1357": "\n\nAssuming that you need a car to get to work, let's discuss replacing the one you've lost. The biggest challenge with buying a car is often the idea of the monthly payment. Dealers often play with numbers to create a payment that seems manageable, but this does not necessarily provide you with the best deal. An 18-month lease term is not typical; 24 or 36-month terms are more common. While paying off your student loans is a wise goal, it is essential to consider the cost of your choices. Personal finance requires delaying immediate gratification for long-term benefits, and paying off loans will provide you with more financial flexibility in the future. Spending $5400 for a car you'll only drive for 18 months is not wise. It's no better than buying an unreliable used car that's plagued you with problems in the past. It's crucial to find a car you can afford upfront, which you'll still be able to use once the loan is paid off. I recommend looking for a vehicle with around 30k miles and paying it off as soon as possible. Then, you can drive it for another 70-120k miles before trading it for a newer model, which you can purchase with cash, freeing you from the monthly payment trap. You might even enjoy future negotiations with dealerships as you'll be immune to their manipulations and search for the best possible cash price."}
{"1358": "\n\nIt is recommended that you contact your bank to inquire about the notice you received. However, it is advised that you avoid calling the number provided in the message, as it may be a scam. Please exercise caution in this situation. If your bank has a local branch, consider visiting in person to speak with someone. Remember to print out any messages and bring them with you, so their fraud division can investigate further."}
{"1359": "\n\nDepending on your loan provider and their method of calculating interest rates (daily, monthly, bi-monthly, etc.), your interest may be figured either daily or monthly (although monthly is a common assumption). Assuming a daily calculation, it would make sense to make bi-weekly payments. For instance, at 4% annual interest on a $150,000 home loan, the interest added each day is roughly $16.44 due to compounding interest. The interest amount owed grows quickly, particularly if you skip a monthly payment. \n\nPaying off a loan sooner results in paying less interest, but not everyone knows about compounding interest. One may check the Compound Interest Formula for more information. However, this formula does not take into account regular payments. \n\nMaking bi-weekly payments or a full payment before interest calculation, particularly if it is calculated monthly, will help pay down the principal amount faster and, as a result, reduce the overall interest owed. This advice is also relevant to credit card payments."}
{"1360": "\n\nIn short, the best course of action is to do a soft pull (checking your own credit) and provide that to the lender for an unofficial pre-approval. This avoids multiple hard inquiries if you're not planning to purchase right away, which could potentially have a negative impact on your credit score. While credit inquiries remain on your report for 2 years, FICO Scores only consider those from the past 12 months. Keep in mind that the simulator on myfico.com is for informational purposes only and may not provide accurate predictions in all situations. If you're certain that you won't be purchasing soon, a soft pull is recommended, but be aware that the lender may not be able to provide an official pre-approval letter based on it. Keep an eye on your credit report for errors, as they can impact your score. It may be wise to hold off on high balances or other factors that could negatively affect your credit score if you're planning to purchase a home in the near future."}
{"1361": "\n\nIs it possible to obtain a 0% interest rate for a used car loan in the US? Yes, it is technically possible and not illegal. However, it is not very likely. Most banks do not finance small amounts such as $5,000, regardless of your credit score. To increase your chances of finding a better rate, consider checking with local credit unions, particularly those affiliated with your employer. Otherwise, you may end up with unfavorable rates; but for a short term, you may opt to accept whatever rate is offered, pay the interest for three months, and promptly pay off the loan."}
{"1362": "\n\nThe interest rate of 1.09% is calculated annually, not monthly. Therefore, you will receive approximately 1,000 pounds per year simply by maintaining your balance. However, it's important to note that you can likely earn a higher interest rate elsewhere if you're willing to leave your 100k untouched. For example, Natwest offers a fixed rate bond that yields 3.2% over the next year, which may be worth considering for a deposit of that size. Alternatively, you could consider allocating 90k into a fixed rate bond and keeping the remaining 10k in an instant access account. Although you can earn up to 7k tax-free in the UK, it's worth bearing in mind that most bank accounts deduct tax at source. You'll need to claim this back from the government yourself. It's also worth noting that accounts for young people may have different rules, so be sure to check with your bank."}
{"1363": "\n\nThe answer to your question is not straightforward as there are several factors to consider. One of the most important ones is the college your daughter will attend and the type of financial aid you plan to pursue. Your daughter will likely complete the FAFSA as part of the financial aid application process. You can refer to various online resources to understand which parental assets are counted towards the Expected Family Contribution on the FAFSA. Notable exceptions include retirement accounts and primary residences. If you intend to reduce your apparent assets for aid purposes, you could consider investing in your mortgage or retirement account. However, using such tactics requires caution since it may not always be clear how it will impact financial aid. Financial aid encompasses both grants and loans, and strategies that work for one school may not work for others. Furthermore, elite schools with larger endowments have generous aid policies that enable families with high incomes to pay minimal or no tuition fees. Thus, you may want to research the financial aid policies of institutions that interest your daughter. It can be useful to speak to financial aid advisors at colleges, high school counselors, and financial advisors to understand the nuances of which assets to adjust. Of course, it all begins with having a conversation with your daughter to determine where she wants to study."}
{"1364": "\n\nIf the condition of the stock being unsellable and never paying dividends is permanent, then to me it seems like a worthless investment. However, if there is a chance that the stock might pay dividends in the future or be sellable in a market, then it could be considered a long-term investment. The viability of the investment ultimately depends on the likelihood of the situation changing. If the investment is relatively small, it may still be worth going for."}
{"1365": "\n\nMany webcomic sites now offer \"tip jar\" links or allow supporters to send money through platforms such as Patreon. It's likely that other types of websites have adopted similar solutions. I recommend exploring the web for such options and reaching out to the site owners to inquire about their experiences using these methods."}
{"1366": "\n\nBased on the information provided by SFE, it appears that you are eligible for the tuition fee loan, but not the maintenance loan. Point 4 of the eligibility criteria states that individuals with the right of permanent residence in the UK are eligible for full student support. However, to qualify for this, you must meet the following conditions: (a) have the right of permanent residence in the UK; (b) be ordinarily resident in England on the first day of the first academic year of your course; (c) have been ordinarily resident in the UK and Islands for three years before the first day of the first academic year of the course; and (d) if your three-year residence in the UK and Islands was mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education, you must have been ordinarily resident in the UK or elsewhere in the EEA and/or Switzerland immediately prior to the three-year period. Since you were under the age of three when you left the UK, you do not meet the conditions of point (c).\n\nHowever, you do appear to be eligible for the tuition fee loan under point 2, which applies to EU nationals and their family members. To qualify under this category, you must meet the following conditions: (a) on the first day of the first academic year of the course, you must be a UK national, a non-UK EU national who is in the UK as a self-sufficient person or student, or the relevant family member of such a person; (b) you must have been ordinarily resident in the EEA and/or Switzerland for three years before the first day of the first academic year of the course; and (c) the main purpose of your residence in the EEA and/or Switzerland must not have been to receive full-time education during any part of the three-year period.\n\nTherefore, while you may not be eligible for the maintenance loan, you should be able to obtain a tuition fee loan under point 2 of the criteria outlined by SFE."}
{"1367": "\n\nThe allocation of your money is crucial, and it ultimately depends on your immediate and future needs. A helpful strategy that has worked for me is to divide my savings into three categories. \n\nFirstly, create a very short-term 'oops' fund for those times when you forget to allocate something in your budget, or when a monthly bill is exceptionally high. This money should be saved in a passbook savings account. \n\nSecondly, establish an emergency fund for unexpected events such as a hospital visit or a broken appliance. This fund should be put into higher yield savings, while still being accessible. \n\nLastly, prioritize retirement savings by putting your money into a 401-K and refrain from making any withdrawals against it until retirement. If you change jobs, rollover your savings into a self-directed IRA, and invest in an ETF that offers dividends. Compounding your dividends will offer you significant returns in the long run. \n\nIn conclusion, the placement of your money depends on how soon you intend on using it, and it's essential to have a well-structured plan."}
{"1368": "\n\nHere is a revised version of the text:\n\nIn addition to the previously mentioned strategies, here is a more comprehensive approach that incorporates your idea. To begin, options prices should include future dividend payments. Therefore, assuming all other variables remain constant, a put option that is at the money presently will be in the money after the dividend, and thus more expensive than a put option that is currently out of the money but at the money after the dividend has been paid. If unprotected futures are priced accurately, they should reflect dividend payments based on past history and, upon maturity after the payment, earn a lower profit upon delivery of the physical stock. Protected futures, on the other hand, should reflect the expected total return value of the stock at the time of maturity, where dividends are calculated into the price. During the dividend payout process, any payments will be debited from your cash and credited to the counterparty. This strategy significantly reduces risk, with the sole risk being a lower-than-anticipated dividend payout. However, this level of security comes at a higher cost. To determine if your anticipated dividend yield exceeds the lending rate after all hedging instrument costs are subtracted, evaluate the calculated difference. If it is favorable, proceed with the trade."}
{"1369": "\n\nThis response is more of a general suggestion regarding your situation, rather than a direct response to your question. It would be beneficial for you to obtain a SIP telephone number based within the United States, or a more user-friendly IP-based phone number. This will enable you to make calls through your Internet connection and efficiently communicate with US companies with whom you maintain a business relationship."}
{"1370": "\n\nI concur with your assessment that, purely from an \"expected future value\" perspective, paying the loan off as swiftly as possible, and foregoing next year's loan, is advantageous. Due to the recently increased interest rates of new student loans, the balance has shifted, and prolonging payment is no longer the automatic preferred route. However, it is important to consider the fact that, unlike many people, you will have to repay the loan eventually. Therefore, when assessing the net cost over your lifetime, it is best to pay it off quickly. Nevertheless, I urge you to take into account a few counterpoints before settling on a decision. Firstly, refraining from paying the loan off provides you with a good safety net. If anything impairs your career, like an economic downturn or health issues or a career break, you will not be compelled to repay the loan. Thus, the money you would have saved in paying off the loan will be utilized elsewhere, which might be more beneficial. Secondly, not paying off the loan earlier allows for increased net cash during your younger years, when you are most likely to have immediate cash needs, such as a home purchase deposit. More cash availability could offer more options like this, making it feasible to purchase a house earlier, or even lead to higher deposits that could potentially reduce the interest rate on your entire mortgage balance. Such savings could possibly outweigh the 6% interest rate on the student loan, even though it appears to be comparatively higher."}
{"1371": "\n\nRevised: If the check is made out to BigCo, it becomes unclear how Jack can compensate himself for the equity sale as it appears as though BigCo owns the equity instead of Jack. Therefore, Jack does not receive compensation for the equity sale as the company trades shares for money, which is used for expansion. In the long term, the capital gain from expansion may exceed the value of a $200,000 no-interest loan given to the company. \n\nFor instance, suppose the value of the company before investing $250,000 is $1 million. In that case, the value after investing would be $1.25 million, which means $250,000 is 20% of the company's value. If BigCo gives the buyer 25% of its stake, the buyer would obtain a $312,500 stake for only $250,000. Therefore, BigCo should only give the buyer the correct percentage, which is 20% in this instance.\n\nAlternatively, Jack could sell 25% of his personal shares for $250,000, which would not change the assessed value of the company but only Jack's stake. He could then loan the company $200,000, which would also not affect the assessed value of the company. Though the company gains $200,000, it also has an offsetting debt of $200,000, which results in no net change, and the assets and liabilities balance the same.\n\nThus, if one knows the assessed value of the company as $1 million and that the buyer is paying $250,000 for a 25% stake at the same assessment, then one can infer that the check is written to Jack. If the check is made out to BigCo, then one or more of those numbers is incorrect, such as the buyer getting a 20% stake or paying $333,333.33, or the value of the company before the investment is $750,000. There could also be a combination of smaller changes that balance out."}
{"1372": "\n\nHow does a company turn shares into cash to grow their business? After issuing an IPO or Follow-On Public Offer, the company receives the money from investors buying their shares. Answering the questions tagged IPO can provide basic information. These include: How does a company make money by going public in an IPO? Why is a company concerned about the price of their own shares in the stock market? Why might the opening stock price differ from the offering price? \n\nBased on what has been read so far, it appears that before an IPO, an investment bank purchases the company's public shares and sells them on the open market. Does the investment bank buy 100% of the newly issued public shares and deposit the cash equivalent into the company's bank account? Furthermore, how does the fluctuation of the stock price throughout the company's lifetime actually affect their bank balance? \n\nMany of the statements above are incorrect. By reading answers to questions related to IPOs, one can see that once the IPO is completed, the company does not directly benefit from changes in share price. Instead, there may be an indirect gain or loss."}
{"1373": "\n\nTo the best of my knowledge, if you're a web freelancer in Quebec, your income may be subject to two types of taxes: income taxes and sales taxes. For income taxes, your net income from freelance work is taxable and you need to declare it on both federal and provincial tax returns if you're not an incorporated business. You can deduct expenses related to your business, such as software, hosting, and domain name registration, and only the profit is taxable. If you have income and expenses from self-employment, it may be wise to use a professional to file your taxes. \n\nRegarding sales taxes, you may have to charge federal Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Quebec Sales Tax (QST) on your services. You need to enroll and charge GST and QST once your revenue exceeds $30,000 over four consecutive quarters, although you can enroll before then, too. The Ministry of Revenue of Quebec administers both taxes, and you can find more information in their booklet \"Should I Register with Revenu Quebec?\" and the \"General Information Concerning the QST and the GST/HST\" document. Some businesses enroll early to claim input tax credits, but this can mean more paperwork."}
{"1374": "\n\nI took the quiz you linked and aimed for \"ideal\" answers, except for one question where I selected C. However, I realized the quiz was self-graded and categorized results into \"all A\" for great credit, \"mostly A\" for good credit, \"mostly B\" for improvement needed, and \"any C\" for potential problems. My ideal answers didn't always align with theirs, but both approaches failed to consider individual circumstances. For example, specific credit cards offer zero percent financing for extended periods, so it may be ideal to pay off debt before the interest rates change. The strategy for paying off the debt will depend on each person's situation. In summary, consider the quiz as a general guide, not a comprehensive evaluation of your credit management abilities."}
{"1375": "\n\nLast year, I utilized TurboTax, which included a donations section that calculated the IRS-approved values for donated items. To determine the value of a TV donation, you would need to provide information such as the size and current condition of the television. While I do not have a screenshot from the TV section, I found this helpful video on estimating the value of clothing for IRS deductions from TurboTax's website: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Taxes-101/Video--How-to-Estimate-the-Value-of-Clothing-for-IRS-Deductions/INF13870.html+&cd=8&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us. TurboTax also offers a free online tool, ItsDeductible, that performs the same function (although I have not personally used it). I regret that I cannot provide the current range of donation amounts for TVs. Please note that I have no affiliation with TurboTax and have not received any incentives for reviewing it."}
{"1376": "\n\nConsider giving this a try: Halifax Bank provides an excellent virtual trading platform at http://www.halifax.co.uk/sharedealing/our-accounts/fantasy-trader/. Engaging in virtual or fantasy trading can be an excellent way to get comfortable investing and learn from mistakes without risking real money. Once you feel ready to invest actual funds, it's important to find an online platform that offers low-cost options. Thisismoney.co.uk has an informative and recent article on picking the right investment ISA platform at http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/diyinvesting/article-1718291/Pick-best-cheapest-investment-Isa-platform.html. We wish you success in your investment endeavors, and remind you to only risk what you can afford to lose, as with any form of investment or gambling."}
{"1377": "\n\nI believe in the theory that over time, mortgage payments will represent approximately 25% of one's income and can be used to predict median home prices. While the housing market did experience a bubble, it was not as extreme as Schiller's chart suggests. A $1000 investment can support a $124K 30yr mortgage or a $209K mortgage at 4% interest due to supply and demand pressures. The total market cap of US companies is around $18T, while the total wealth in the US is $60T, indicating that there is substantial room for growth as poverty rates decrease around the world, leading to increased investment. Despite limited discussion of population growth, productivity, and reduced poverty, it is still possible to forecast substantial market growth without relying on P/Es or bubbles. The creation of new products and businesses is a reliable way to expand the total market size. Overall, population growth, productivity, and reduced poverty will enable the market to continue to grow. This may be more of an economic question than a personal finance one, but it is still an interesting subject to explore."}
{"1378": "\n\nYes, false news or speculations can indeed have an impact on the stock price, but only in the short term. The price may fluctuate significantly, but it will eventually correct itself and continue to head in the right direction in the long term."}
{"1379": "\n\nI have a good understanding of the fundamental principles of serving as a director in a company and the shareholders' rights. I am aware that Australia has implemented stringent legislation in the past decade that penalizes directors who fail to act in a professional or prudent manner. While I am committed to fulfilling my obligations, I am still new to conducting business at this level and am concerned about unintentionally violating an unknown rule or law and suffering the resulting consequences.\n\nAs you noted, being a director entails additional responsibilities, and one can be held liable for breaches. Nevertheless, assuming this position allows for greater influence in decision-making and enables you to protect your interests. On the other hand, as a shareholder, you are not responsible for company decisions, although individual malpractice may still be relevant. However, over time, the board may make certain choices that diminish your stake in the company."}
{"1380": "\n\nIf a stock is trading at $11 per share before a $1 per share dividend is announced, the share price usually decreases to $10 per share immediately following the announcement. If you previously owned 100 shares worth $1100, your 100 shares would now be worth $1000. Dividends are only paid to shareholders from the previous day or earlier. If you purchased the shares that morning, the dividend would be paid to the previous owner. Consequently, you bought dividend-paying shares, and your shares' value dropped to $1000 at the end of the day. However, if you purchased the shares before the previous day, you would receive the dividend.\n\nAssuming that the shares were purchased at the right time, your holdings lost value and now total $1000. In a few days, you will receive a $100 dividend, bringing your asset value back to what it was before. If you had instructed your broker to reinvest the dividend back into the same stock, you would receive an additional 10 shares for the $100 dividend, boosting your investment value back up to $1100. If you did not reinvest, you would still have the 100 shares, worth $1000, and $100 in cash.\n\nYour net worth varies due to taxes on the dividend. Suppose you chose not to reinvest or invest the dividend. In that case, you would have to pay taxes on the dividend, resulting in an increase in your (tax) liability."}
{"1381": "\n\nI suggest considering the family route when making your decision. Many people would likely choose this option if they had the opportunity. It can speed up the process of buying a new house since obtaining a mortgage is easier. In addition, there are more affordable ways to establish credit compared to paying the 4% interest on a mortgage. For example, financing a car that you can afford using a loan with a lower interest rate (.9%) can help build credit. Another option is utilizing a credit card with no annual fee and switching to a new card every 6-8 months to establish multiple lines of credit. It is not recommended to use a mortgage solely to establish credit, as the 4% interest will outweigh the benefits. However, if you have the option to buy a house outright or get a mortgage, getting a mortgage may be the better choice due to the added leverage that can help increase investments. Assuming a 6% average portfolio return per year and tax write-offs on the mortgage, the benefits would exceed 2%."}
{"1382": "\n\nPlease note that the DIV (%) value and the dividend yield are not interchangeable terms. On this page, you can see that the DIV (%) is currently at 165%, while the dividend yield stands at 3.73% as of this writing. According to the Investopedia page mentioned above, the payout ratio is calculated as the Annual Dividends per Share divided by the Earnings per Share. This means that the company is paying out more in dividends than it earns. It is important to note that in some cases, the dividend payout ratio can exceed 100%, which indicates that more dividends were paid out than the company's profits for that year. Such an exceptional case is unsustainable, and it is essential to be cautious of significantly high ratios."}
{"1383": "\n\nPrior to beginning, ensure that you are completely transparent in all aspects of your tax preparation and have all necessary documentation to support your claims. Deductions related to a home office are often viewed as suspicious and can lead to an audit. It is advisable to heed mbhunter's counsel and maintain a high level of attention to detail in adhering to regulations and maintaining comprehensive records."}
{"1384": "\n\nThe solution to this query can be discovered in the linked question: \"Is it possible to access personal finance software online that does not include online banking?\""}
{"1385": "\n\nThe frequency of paychecks is at the discretion of the company. While some companies pay out monthly, others offer bi-weekly or twice-monthly payments. It's uncommon for employers to pay more frequently, as this could increase expenses, except for small businesses or jobs that offer minimum wage. During the hiring process, you agreed to the pay frequency outlined in the paperwork."}
{"1386": "\n\nYou may be overlooking a crucial aspect of CDOs, which is their use of tranching, a system that has contributed considerably to our economic hardship. Allow me to elaborate on this concept, using a simplified example of a two-tranche CDO. Let's assume I purchase mortgages with a total value of $120,000,000, but since they are subprime, their rating is poor and most investors will likely avoid them, especially those looking for safe investments. To make these bonds more attractive, I split them into two tranches: one for $100,000,000 and the other for $20,000,000. The aim is for the lower tranche to absorb any losses caused by defaulting mortgages. I intend to keep these bonds for myself. Therefore, the buyers of the higher tranche are protected unless the defaults exceed $20,000,000, which in turn prompts the rating agencies to assign the top tranche an AAA rating, and investors are quick to buy. Essentially, the top bond issue is overcollateralized, meaning the entire value of $120,000,000 is used to back it up. In practice, many CDOs contain multiple tranches, with the underwriters retaining the lowest tranche and selling the others as bonds with various ratings."}
{"1387": "\n\nI am enrolled in ESPP through E*Trade, and stock transfers can be made via a physical asset-transfer form. If you cannot locate the form, simply contact your brokerage through phone, email or other means. Since you have ownership of the shares, you have authority to utilize them as you see fit. However, it is crucial that you record all purchase and transfer details accurately to ensure that you manage taxes appropriately."}
{"1388": "\n\nRevised: Let me apply the skill of \"suspension of disbelief\" and provide an objective answer about Bitcoin. The Euro is a currency, not an investment. People engage in currency trading to capture relative movements between currency pairs. Unlike stocks, which have an underlying business with the potential for growth or failure, currency trading is a zero sum game where two people are on opposite sides of a bet. Similarly, Bitcoin does not have an underlying asset, such as a stock or commodity, and it trades like a currency. Therefore, it would be classified as a currency and held similarly to any Forex position for objective classification."}
{"1389": "\n\nRevised: Contracts for standard options typically involve 100 shares. For a contract with a per-share price of $0.75, purchasing 100 shares would cost $75 plus commission. Mini options, which involve contracts for 10 shares, may be available from some brokers, but not all stocks may be eligible for these options. The difference in pricing between a one-week and 180-day period is based on expected changes in stock price over the given time frame. Due to greater anticipated volatility over the longer 6-month period, premiums for longer options tend to be higher."}
{"1390": "\n\nRevised: It is not a problem to use a different cost basis than what your broker reports, but you must maintain your own records to keep track of the discrepancy. Adjusting your cost basis may be necessary for various legitimate reasons, such as in the case where you sell an asset in one brokerage account and buy it in another. This is referred to as a Wash Sale and is not a taxable event for you, but each broker will report it as a transaction with tax implications on their respective 1099s due to their limited understanding of the situation. For more information, please refer to: https://www.firstinvestors.com/docs/pdf/news/tax-qa-2012.pdf"}
{"1391": "\n\nYour shares have not lost their value. However, they are no longer available for trading on US stock exchanges. Rest assured that the value of your shares is still safeguarded. In situations where a stock is de-listed, usually a trust fund, which may be managed by a bank, is created to assist investors in selling or liquidating their shares. We recommend that you consult the SEC filings to obtain further information on who to contact regarding the de-listing of this stock."}
{"1392": "\n\nIt is unlikely that a debit of 50K in your bank statement signifies an investment in a tax-saving instrument. It would be best to consult with the finance department of your company for clarification as practices may differ between organizations."}
{"1393": "\n\nThere are several ETFs available that track common indices in an inverse manner, although many of these are leveraged. For instance, SDS tracks roughly -200% of the S&P 500. However, it's important to note that since these ETFs are structured in a certain way, they are best suited for short-term investments. You may also want to consider buying Put options for various indices as an alternative. For example, purchasing a Put for the SPY with a year-long expiration could provide you with relatively inexpensive insurance (if it represents only a small fraction of your portfolio). Additionally, you could invest against market volatility. As the market experiences sudden swings, volatility typically increases, especially during downturns. One method of investing in market volatility is by trading options against the VIX."}
{"1394": "\n\nThe purpose of the enrollment penalty is similar to the ACA penalty, as any insurance is funded by creating a risk pool of high and low risk people and pricing it accordingly to cover the total risk. However, this means that low risk individuals end up paying more than their share on average, except for provider agreements to charge less. Although there is no completely low risk pool in Medicare, younger enrollees (65-70) have lower utilization or cost compared to older enrollees, making it beneficial for some healthy 65 year olds to delay enrollment for a few years. Medicare accommodates for this risk by imposing an enrollment penalty, effectively requiring those who did not help subsidize the costs of high users when younger to pay more. The purpose of this penalty is to encourage people to sign up for Medicare as soon as possible to avoid significant drug costs. The New York Times explained this partially in a 2006 article discussing Part D, which had a similar penalty."}
{"1395": "\n\nThe policies regarding dividend payouts vary with different brokers. For instance, at Vanguard (found at https://personal.vanguard.com/us/whatweoffer/stocksbondscds/brokeragedividendprogram), selling shares may affect a distribution in different ways. If the entire position is sold two or more days before the dividend-payable date, the distribution goes to cash. In contrast, selling an entire position within two days of the security's payable date leads to reinvestment of the dividend, which yields more shares. Subsequently selling these shares requires an additional sell order and commission charges. Automatic liquidation into cash happens when dividends are reinvested into less than one whole share. To avoid fractional shares, contact your broker and inquire about the specific date when selling ABC stock results in the dividend being paid in shares."}
{"1396": "\n\nWithout specific details, it is difficult to provide a precise response. However, it is probable that the answer is negative. To restrict participation on the website to accredited investors, it is likely that such a requirement has been imposed on the operators by regulators rather than a voluntary decision. Accredited investors can access financial instruments that do not have the same level of regulatory protection or oversight as those available to the general public, according to Regulation D. Hedge funds and 144A shares are examples of such securities."}
{"1397": "\n\nIf things carry on as usual, symbolism is all that it amounts to. However, when significant groups of people begin to slip into poverty, it is no longer symbolic but instead has tangible consequences. It is uncertain whether a Greek default will affect the US, but it is likely not to. On the other hand, it will certainly have an impact on Greece."}
{"1398": "\n\nThe linked \"State Pension\" plan is provided by the U.K. government for its resident workers. Other countries, including the United States and Canada, also offer similar basic worker's pensions. These plans are typically funded through separate payroll deductions and are known as \"defined benefit\" (DB) plans, which promise either a set lump sum or a yearly income upon retirement. DB plans are not limited to government programs, as some private companies also offer them, though they are becoming less common for funding reasons. In contrast, \"defined contribution\" (DC) plans are where employees and/or employers contribute to retirement accounts, with resulting lump sums or yearly payments based on the performance of investments. The contribution amount is fixed, but the resulting benefit is not promised. In short, DB plans promise benefits at retirement, while DC plans only promise contributions during employment."}
{"1399": "\n\nAt this age range, my education on this topic wasn't structured in a conventional way. In sixth grade, we had a weeklong project, which I recollect clearly. We were given a hypothetical scenario: you're getting kicked out of your parents' house at the age of 18 with only $1000 cash, your high school diploma, and a farewell from your parents. The challenge was to find a place to live, secure a job, and have a mode of transportation within three months. The budget had to include all essential expenses such as rent, utilities, food, toiletries, and clothing. We were encouraged to account for additional expenses such as gasoline and laundromats, and not forget about handling taxes. The end result of our project was a report of our first month of independent living, a budget for the subsequent three months, and a continuing budget for a typical month thereafter. \n\nAlthough it may seem like an intense project for a twelve-year-old, it provided us with a valuable life lesson. Some of us had to take trips to the grocery store and compare prices, visit different stores to explore various options, or get creative with our appliances and belongings. A few over-zealous classmates made the mistake of buying brand new things or buying unnecessary items, while others who thought they could make a living off babysitting quickly realized it wasn't feasible. Despite the variance in results, we all learned that without a college education, life can be tough."}
{"1400": "\n\nShould I request Form W-9 or Form W-8BEN from non-US citizens before sending them payments as an affiliate user? It is not just advisable, it is required. Although I know that I must send Form 1099, I am unsure of where it should go. Should I send it to the IRS or the affiliate user or both? Both parties must receive Form 1099, and you must also send Form 1096 to the IRS. Properly review the instructions for these forms. Should I send Form 1099 annually, or each time I make a payment to the affiliate? You should only send Form 1099 once per year. The instructions for this process are available for review. Is it necessary for me to send Form 1099 when the affiliate has earned a certain amount, or must I send it no matter the amount? You must send Form 1099 if the affiliate has earned $600 or more, and you may also send it for any amount. The instructions should be reviewed. Are there any other forms or documents that I should request from or send to either the affiliate user or the IRS? Additional forms may be required, particularly if the recipient is a foreign person and taxes are withheld. A tax adviser can provide further guidance."}
{"1401": "\n\nIgnoring brokerage fees and the wash-sale rule (which can both be detrimental), it's worth noting that the 15% LTCG tax only applies to the profit. Therefore, the stock would need to decrease by 15% of the profit you earned when you first acquired it."}
{"1402": "\n\nSome banks in certain countries offer this facility, but I do not know of any banks in Hungary that provide it. Therefore, besides keeping a higher amount in HUF to reduce costs and minimize volatility risks, there are few other options available."}
{"1403": "\n\nConsider purchasing a FTSE-100 tracker as it's a simple and cost-effective hedge. This form of investment diversifies your portfolio, as the FTSE-100 is primarily composed of prominent oil and mining firms that handle a significant portion of their transactions in currencies other than the pound."}
{"1404": "\n\nIn my opinion, to solve the problem in the US, the best course of action would be to establish a trust. To ensure that everything is done properly, it is essential to speak with a licensed trust/estate attorney and a tax advisor (EA/CPA licensed in your state). It is important to note that utilizing an intermediary who is not a 501(c) organization could result in income tax issues, as providing support to those in need is not considered a legitimate business expense. Additionally, there may be gift tax issues if the aggregate amount exceeds statutory exemption limits. By creating a non-revocable trust, these problems can be avoided, but other issues may arise, such as what to do with the trust income or undistributed funds. It is crucial to discuss these concerns with your advisers to develop appropriate solutions."}
{"1405": "\n\nIt is recommended that you seek advice from a professional advisor, as there are different rules for amortizing domain names depending on their use. If a domain name is used for the taxpayer's business, it can be amortized over 15 years as a 197 intangible, as demonstrated in the provided IRS memo. However, if a domain name is purchased for investment or resale, the costs must be capitalized and cannot be amortized because a domain name has no useful life. Although your decision to capitalize is correct, your amortization deductions may be challenged by the IRS. When you sell your domain, how you treat it will impact the gain or loss. If you treat it as a 197 intangible and had ordinary deductions through amortization, your gain will be ordinary. If you treat it as a capital asset, your gain will be a capital gain. It is important to note that holding domain names for resale may be similar to buying stock in a company, where the investment cannot be amortized, and the gain or loss upon sale is a capital gain/loss."}
{"1406": "\n\nFrom a tax perspective, any income you earn for services performed while in the US is considered US-sourced, regardless of the location of the payer. However, per immigration law, you are only permitted to work for the employer listed on your I-20. Thus, freelancing would be a breach of your visa terms, irrespective of the customer's location."}
{"1407": "\n\nStocks represent equity ownership in a company, while bonds represent a credit relationship between a company and its investors. When purchasing a stock, the buyer becomes a shareholder and owns a small percentage of the company, which may entitle them to a share of the profits and a say in the company's decisions. Stocks may be classified as either \"common\" or \"preferred,\" with \"common\" stock typically granting voting rights and the possibility of dividends, and \"preferred\" stock offering higher dividend rates and some payment guarantees but no voting rights. The sale of equity is not usually an option for non-profit organizations or governmental entities, as they lack profits to distribute.\n\nOn the other hand, bonds are representations of the company's debt load and function similarly to a corporate credit card. A company issues bonds in order to generate cash for various purposes, and investors buy bonds at less-than-face value, with the expectation of receiving the full face value at the bond's term end. The difference between the purchase price and the term-end face value is the interest charge, expressed as a yield or annual percentage yield (APY), and is determined by the bond's remaining term and purchaser's investment. Highly-rated bonds may have yields of 4-6%, but bonds yielding 17% or more are generally regarded as risky and denote \"junk status.\""}
{"1408": "\n\nRevised: To set up a company in the US, consider registering in Wyoming due to its affordability and simplicity. Then, head south and open both a personal and business bank account, and request the ITIN form. After completing and filing for the ITIN, establish your company's EIN. Apply for credit cards for both personal and business use, and use one of them to pay for a mail forwarding service. When tax season comes around the following year, file your taxes using your ITIN. Note that prepaid cards are not connected to your tax ID."}
{"1409": "\n\nA Candlestick Chart is an effective way to visualize Open, High, Low, Close, and Volume data. My preferred source for these charts is Stockcharts.com. Here is a link to the options I like to use: http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=SPY&p=D&yr=0&mn=3&dy=0&id=p57211761385"}
{"1410": "\n\nRevised: International Perspective: Cash Transactions in Sweden's European Union. Flowing from legislation and regulation, significant cash transactions are regarded with suspicion, as they can be utilized for activities such as financing terrorism, tax evasion, and the buying or selling of illicit goods (e.g., drugs or stolen merchandise). Additionally, cash can be used to engage in general illegal transactions, including bribery. Consequently, all banks in Europe are obligated to report their suspicions around such activities to relevant authorities, with Finanspolisen (the Financial Police) serving as the Swedish entity responsible for such oversight. Reporting requirements are not limited to cash transactions. Rather, any suspicious transaction, regardless of how it is executed, must be reported. To achieve this level of oversight, banks operating in Sweden must know their customers well; they must be aware of how money flows in and out of any given account, sometimes utilizing specialized software to detect suspicious patterns. This process does not require obtaining permission from the FBI to withdraw cash. Customers are, however, required to supply descriptions regarding their planned cash usage. These descriptions are retained and may be sent to the Financial Police. The goal of these regulations is not to hinder legitimate transactions, rather to detect and prosecute illegal activities."}
{"1411": "\n\nConsider investing in a well-diversified equity index fund as a viable strategy. Historically, these funds have shown an average real growth of 7-8%. By withdrawing 3% or 4% annually under this growth, you can potentially withdraw funds for 30+ years with minimal risk of depleting your initial capital. Additionally, your savings target would decrease significantly from $10 million to roughly $2.5 million to just under $3.5 million. This would be an added bonus to a well-diversified index fund investment."}
{"1412": "\n\nRevised: Options granted by employers to employees differ from standardized options that trade on public stock option exchanges. While there may be some comparable terms, the terms are generally distinct. As an expiring employee option holder, you can either opt to pay the price specified and receive the shares or choose not to. Often, the exercise system permits you to exercise all shares and sell enough to cover the option cost of all shares, leaving you with some stock without spending cash. Regardless of your decision with the stock, taxes are due on exercise gain. Before pursuing publicly-traded options, it is wiser to analyze the exposure to the company situation in which an employee is involved other than employer options. Many employees are often imprudently overexposed to their company's stock, either by owning the stock directly or holding options."}
{"1413": "\n\nYou appear to be referring to a Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC). While it is technically possible to utilize this approach, it would result in an increase in your debt load and a decrease in your borrowing capacity. In fact, taking out a HELOC to fund a down payment on a secondary property could signal to credit analysts that you are in a precarious financial position, possibly impairing your ability to secure credit approval."}
{"1414": "\n\nIn most jurisdictions, sales tax applies to the sale of both goods (raw materials) and services (classes) with the end user being the customer. Therefore, if your friend charges $100 for a class, the applicable sales tax for the jurisdiction, including all parent jurisdictions (such as city, county, and state) will also apply. The teacher purchasing flowers from a wholesaler does not need to pay sales tax as most jurisdictions only charge sales tax on end-user purchases. However, the teacher must have proof of sales tax exemption, which is usually included in the registration paperwork of their business entity. Wholesalers typically deal with non-end-user sales exempt from sales tax, but craft stores like Michael's or Hobby Lobby may not have the same exemption and may charge sales tax at the point of sale. Depending on the jurisdiction, your friend may be able to reduce the amount of sales tax by deducting the pre-tax value of the materials already taxed, which the customer has paid for."}
{"1415": "\n\nThe availability and accuracy of financial data vary depending on the website and exchange from which they are sourced. While both stocks and funds may be referred to by the same name, they may have distinct ticker symbols depending on the exchange and country of origin. In cases where a company or fund is based in a country other than the United States, for instance, Canada or the UK, they are likely to trade under a different symbol on that country's exchange, such as Toronto or London. As a result, researching these tickers can be perplexing and complicated."}
{"1416": "\n\nYes, the ADR will be traded on a distinct stock exchange from the underlying one, and may experience price fluctuations that are not in line with the (exchange-corrected) fluctuations in the original market. By investing in ADRs, you may be assuming additional risk related to:"}
{"1417": "\n\nOne easy method for recording debt forgiveness of your receivables is to create a \"Bad Debt\" expense account. Let's consider two examples: if you are forgiving only a portion of the principal, the term \"Principal Reduction\" is commonly used to label the expense account."}
{"1418": "\n\nI suggest considering a shares-based dividend income SIPP, but caution that if you are new to self-executed trading, you may not initially perform optimally, especially if you're nearing retirement. Market fluctuations can significantly impact your pension pot, and emotional stress can lead to poor decision-making. While investing in stocks and shares can yield long-term income, diversifying with less risky investments, such as bonds and cash, is prudent, with stocks and shares only a part of your overall strategy.\n\nRegarding property investments, diversification is also wise, but not a \"magic bullet,\" as exceptional property returns are not easy to come by. Before considering a buy-to-let investment, carefully model your gains and losses, including one-time buying and renovation costs. Be sure to budget for maintenance and repairs, insurance, estate agent fees, periodic vacancies, utilities, council tax, and ground rent for leaseholds. While taking out a mortgage can offer higher ROI, be sure to include mortgage and valuation fees in your model and repeat it to test its viability when interest rates rise."}
{"1419": "\n\nA formula similar to cost = a \u00d7 avg_spreadb + c \u00d7 volatilityd \u00d7 (order_size/avg_volume)e is commonly used. However, these coefficients can vary among brokers and trading patterns."}
{"1420": "\n\nI recently completed a project on high frequency trading, which is possible for individuals, but requires substantial capital. For instance, obtaining a managed server in Times Square costs $1500 per month and grants access to up to 90% of top US exchanges. The data centers are located within 3 milliseconds of distance (latency). With some effort and research, you can even secure additional servers in the same building as the exchanges. Wishing you the best of luck in your endeavors!"}
{"1421": "\n\nAccording to The Wall Street Journal's \"For Consumers\" section of its infographic, there are new agencies (including a \"consumer watchdog agency\") and rules that the SEC can enforce. Additionally, states can pass more laws affecting national banks. However, it does not appear that there are immediate, specific benefits for consumers. Source: http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704569204575329211031691230.html"}
{"1422": "\n\nApproximately 5.3 billion ounces of gold have been mined, putting the total value of all gold in the world at roughly $9.5 trillion based on the current value of $1,800 per ounce. In 2006, total world net worth was $125 trillion, and when one asset's value becomes a large percentage of all assets, an odd phenomenon can occur. This is reminiscent of the tech bubble burst, where Cisco and EMC had the potential to be worth more than all other stocks combined if they had experienced the same growth in the 2000s as they did in the 90s. In 2005/6, production ran at approximately 80 million ounces per year, only slightly impacting the total supply at just over 1.5%. However, the limited amount of gold available means that a surge in demand could drive prices to bubblicious levels. Despite the value of gold estimated at a few trillion dollars, this pales in comparison to the wealth of the United States alone, let alone the world. Additionally, half of the world's population cannot even afford two ounces of gold. As a result, there is pressure to reopen mines that had costs pushing $800/ounce. It is essential to understand that the supply of $300 gold is long gone. As easy-to-access gold has been mined, production costs have risen to a point where mines could not operate at $600/ounce levels. However, the current trading price of gold has led to the reopening of these mines previously deemed unfeasible."}
{"1423": "\n\nYes, it is possible to open a Trading Account at one location and a Demat Account at another location. For example, you can open a Trading Account at Sharekhan and a Demat Account at OBC. However, it would be more convenient to open both accounts at the same place. This would reduce the amount of unnecessary work required after each transaction."}
{"1424": "There are a few revisions that can be made to the text to improve its clarity and readability:\n\n- In the first sentence, replace \"SEP IRA is\" with \"the contribution limit for a SEP IRA is.\" This will make it clear that the sentence is referring to a specific aspect of the IRA.\n- In the second sentence, clarify that the net earnings are used to calculate the contribution limit, by writing: \"then the contribution limit is calculated based on your net earnings. In your example, the limit would be 25% of $90,000.\"\n- In the third sentence, remove the sentence \"JoeTaxpayer is correct as regards the 401(k) limits,\" since it doesn't add any new information.\n- In the fourth sentence, rephrase the first part to read: \"The elective deferrals for a 401(k) plan are limited per person.\" This will make it clear that the limit applies to individuals, not plans.\n- In the fifth and sixth sentences, mention that the cap on elective deferrals applies across all retirement plan types, by writing: \"This is true for all types of retirement plans, including traditional and Roth accounts.\"\n- In the seventh sentence, clarify that the elective deferral limit applies across all plans that an individual participates in during the year, by rephrasing it as: \"Even if you set up a 401(k) plan for your own business, the total elective deferral limit remains the same, and includes all plans you participate in during the year.\"\n- In the eighth sentence, remove the sentence \"It continues with this example,\" since it's redundant.\n- In the ninth sentence, clarify that the example given is about Ben's contributions to a single plan, by writing: \"Notice in the example that Ben contributed more than his elective limit to the 401(k) plan.\"\n- In the tenth sentence, clarify that the elective contribution limit applies across all types of retirement plans, by writing: \"Keep in mind that the elective contribution limit also applies across different types of retirement plans, such as a SEP IRA and a solo 401(k).\"\n- In the eleventh sentence, remove the phrase \"not extensive list,\" since it's unnecessary.\n- In the twelfth sentence, replace \"Looks like\" with \"It appears that.\" This will make the sentence less informal."}
{"1425": "\n\nThe IRS holds the highest authority when it comes to filing for benefits, while the SNAP program may also take notice of how one files. To avoid discrepancies, it is important to file the 1040 correctly and then address SNAP separately. Neglecting to do so may result in issues during a SNAP audit. However, it is worth noting that SNAP defines a household as those who reside together and share expenses, meaning separated couples who do not share expenses would not be treated as a single household. For further details, refer to the resources provided and consult with the state program administrator. Joint assets can complicate matters, so it is crucial to review the guidelines and seek assistance from the agency if necessary. In addition, there may be other filing options available depending on the circumstances, such as filing as \"Head of Household\" or \"Married Filing Separately.\" Check the IRS document on Filing Status and consider consulting with a tax advisor, especially if there is eligibility for free consultation due to lower income."}
{"1426": "\n\nThe current total is $548,100. However, please note that the current GM stock is not the same as the GM stock from 1989. In 2011, GM went bankrupt and its original stock transformed into Motors Liquidation Company (MTLQQ), which is virtually worthless today. Unfortunately, there was no conversion from the old stock to the new stock. As for handling the certificates, refer to these instructions for cashing them in or registering them electronically. Keep in mind that a broker may charge you for registering them. Regarding taxes, you will pay capital gains tax on the increase in value from the time your father died to the time you sell the shares. If you have held them for more than one year, you will pay a 15% tax on the total increase. If you have held them for less than one year, they will be short-term capital gains which will count as regular income. In the event that you sell the stock at a loss, you will be able to deduct some or all of that loss from your income and carry forward losses for a few years. Please note that if your inherited stock is from GM, it is likely to be worthless. However, your loss in value from the date your father died is tax-deductible."}
{"1427": "\n\nRevised: To search by geography, utilize www.etfdb.com."}
{"1428": "\n\nThe annual report provides a snapshot of the plan's value at the beginning and end of the period. For example, as of August 2008, the plan was valued at $105B, and by August 2009, it had decreased to $89B. Interestingly, the May 2010 newsletter reported a value of $96B, even though that date was not the end of a calendar quarter. This discrepancy is due to a market loss of $16B during the period, but nearly half of that loss seemed to have recovered by the time the newsletter was released. The balance sheet must also show deposits and payments made to existing retirees. While I haven't reviewed the S&P numbers for those dates, my intuition tells me that the loss is accurate. Despite the market downturn, the pension plan is not at risk because the PBGC guarantees pensions up to a specified limit. However, it is important to verify that your plan is covered because if it is not, state intervention may be necessary. I hope that this information has been helpful."}
{"1429": "\n\nWhen the price of a stock increases, it results in an increase in the value of the respective company's assets. This does not necessarily imply a direct inflow of cash, however, the company can sell some of its stocks for a greater return than before through a process called liquidation."}
{"1430": "\n\nThe market price represents the bid or offer price of the most recent buy or sell order in the market. The price that you pay or receive will depend on the price that the person you are buying from or selling to is willing to accept. In the event that there are no other buyers or sellers available to fulfill your order, large banks are paid by the exchange to act as \"market makers\" and use their own stocks to satisfy your order. \n\nOrders placed outside of market hours are held on the broker's order books until the market reopens, and then are matched with opposing orders at the time of the opening auction. At this auction, prices are determined by supply and demand. The price at which your order is filled will not be known until it is actually filled. If you desire a specific price, a limit order can be placed to ensure that you will not pay more than a certain price for each unit of the stock."}
{"1431": "\n\nSmall cap companies generally follow the same trends as large cap companies, to some extent. However, the level of cointegration depends on various factors, including systemic risk, which refers to the risk to the entire market. As a result, hedging is crucial to minimize such risks. Although small cap businesses tend to outperform large cap companies during boom times due to their higher average betas (a measure of a company's risk compared to the overall market), they might suffer more during bear times. Some economists argue that measuring small cap companies against indexes like the Russell 2000 might be more useful than using the standard beta. Moreover, small businesses might encounter challenges in accessing lines of credit during an economic downturn, and they may not have a large enough asset base to use as collateral, unlike some large cap companies. It's worth noting that small businesses might not receive as much government aid in times of crisis. Furthermore, they might not have sufficient resources, such as manpower, to keep up with changes in regulation. \n\nIf you want to observe the trends visually, you can examine graphs of indexes like the Russell 2000, S&P 500, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average. However, to analyze these trends rigorously, you need to control for several complex factors, such as overlap between indexes and seasonal adjustments. Additionally, it's crucial to note that looking at pretty charts is not a substitute for robust financial econometrics. \n\nFidelity and Seeking Alpha have published articles related to small-cap vs. large-cap returns that might be worth reading."}
{"1432": "\n\nNo, you don't need to pay taxes on any gifts you receive. However, if you've fallen prey to a scam and lost a significant amount of money, you may be eligible for a tax deduction. It's not advisable to accept any gifts from unknown sources. Individuals with a large fortune are usually capable of managing their own bank accounts."}
{"1433": "\n\nRevised:\n\nUnderstanding the differences between Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) can be confusing. SSDI provides benefits to individuals who have accumulated enough \"work credits\" (payroll taxes) prior to their disability onset, and it is not a needs-based program. On the other hand, SSI is a need-based program that does not take into account an applicant's work history, but does consider their total assets and family income to determine eligibility. \n\nInheriting a home or money is unlikely to affect an SSDI qualification, as disability status and work history are the main factors for eligibility. However, if an individual inherits an income property and becomes a landlord, this may jeopardize their claim of being unable to work. Even if they are not generating income from the property, the work involved in managing it may be deemed to have value and affect their qualification. For more detailed information, resources such as the SSA website and related websites can be helpful.\n\nIf an SSDI recipient becomes able to work again, their benefits may end depending on the level of work they are capable of performing. However, they do not need to repay past benefits received unless their disability status was falsely claimed. Social security offices offer telephone support and can address any concerns or questions. The following links may also be relevant:"}
{"1434": "\n\nRevised: If you use the money for investing in a property, including overseas properties, you can claim tax exemption. Although some individuals may insist that the reinvestment should be made solely in India, it has been determined that property purchases abroad are also permissible."}
{"1435": "\n\nIn simple terms, mortgage interest is charged only on the outstanding balance. To illustrate, suppose you have a $100K loan with a 6% interest rate. On the first day, 0.5% or $500 of interest is charged, and the monthly payment of just under $600 means that only a small fraction goes towards the principal. However, the final payment of $600 mostly goes to the principal. Additionally, you have the option of paying extra principal each month along with the regular payment. For example, an extra $244 every month in this scenario would shorten the term to 15 years. Consider that by increasing your monthly payment by 40% and applying it towards the principal, you could cut the term in half. Plus, you're welcome to make extra payments towards the principal anytime."}
{"1436": "\n\nThere are usually policies in place at organizations that either restrict or allow trades under certain conditions, in accordance with both current regulations and the institution's own ethical standards. Typically, technology roles are considered non-sensitive and their employees do not have access to sensitive data, unless their job function includes the role of analyst or production support. Employees in exempt roles are permitted to directly trade securities with other brokers, invest in broad-based mutual funds, or engage portfolio management services from reputable organizations. It is important to note that even if your company only deals with amounts greater than one million, it is still prohibited to buy stocks before the company places large orders as this could lead to an unfair advantage. It is recommended to review the organizational document outlining the dos and don'ts regarding trading. All organizations are required to have a written policy regarding this matter."}
{"1437": "\n\nI would like to clarify that the information I am sharing is not intended to be financial advice or guidance. The opinions expressed are solely my own and do not represent the professional advice or consultation provided by my employer. With that said, I think your idea is fantastic. I'm not certain about the advantages of using EBITDA for personal financial planning or financial analysis. However, if your income is moderate, that is, over $40,000, taxes could be a significant part of your paycheck. Personally, I keep track of my cash flow daily by breaking down my actual cash payments (paychecks) into 14-day intervals. I also do this with my expenses categorized into different groups. The resulting information is helpful in understanding my daily liquidity, such as cash flow before and after taxes, cash flow after house expenses, and so on. There are two benefits to this method. Firstly, you get a clear idea of how much you can spend on a day-to-day basis. Second, it becomes easier to plan and forecast your expenses when you recognize your flexibility on a daily basis."}
{"1438": "\n\nWhen it comes to deducting car expenses on your taxes, you typically have two options: the mileage deduction or the actual expenses deduction. The mileage deduction is designed to cover all costs associated with using your car, except for parking fees and tolls, which can be deducted separately with either method. Keep in mind that if you choose the mileage deduction, you cannot deduct insurance costs. Additionally, if your car is damaged or stolen and you have to pay a deductible, you may not be able to deduct it as a casualty loss unless it exceeds a certain percentage of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI). You would first subtract $100 from the deductible and then divide it by your AGI. If the resulting amount is greater than 10% of your AGI, you can deduct the deductible. However, for many people, the insurance deductible is not large enough relative to their income to be tax deductible. It's important to consult a reliable source for specific tax advice."}
{"1439": "\n\nYou will need to file the same form you have been filing until now, which is the form 1040. However, you will also need to attach a \"Schedule C\" form and a \"Schedule SE\" form. Additionally, it is important to consider how the tax and totalization treaties between the US and the UK may affect your filings. To ensure that you fully understand all of the implications, it is recommended that you seek the advice of a licensed EA/CPA who specializes in working with expats in the UK and is well-versed in all relevant issues. You can easily locate several well-respected firms by conducting a Google search."}
{"1440": "\n\nImagine if the bank had loaned you the entire sum needed to purchase your house, but then the value of the house decreases to 90% of its original price after three months. In such a situation, would it be unfair for the bank to ask you for an immediate payment of 10% of the original price? It is reasonable for the bank to only loan 80% of the house value, as this ensures that you have invested 20% of the cost upfront and that your property is protected against market fluctuations. Typically, housing valuation does not fall below 80% of the original price, so the bank does not need to request additional funds. Nonetheless, banks need to generate profits as they operate as businesses."}
{"1441": "\n\nIt is important to remember that auto-payments are a convenience, not a guarantee. While automatic withdrawals and reminders can help ensure timely bill payments and steady cash flow for businesses, borrowers are ultimately responsible for adhering to the terms and conditions of their loan contract. Even if auto-pay fails, borrowers must monitor and rectify the situation to meet their obligation to make payments on time. It is unpleasant if lenders fail to notify borrowers of an issue, but the responsibility to repay the loan remains the same. Any forgiveness of interest or late fees is at the discretion of the customer service representative and the company's internal policies, not mandated by law."}
{"1442": "\n\nI would like to add to Dheer's answer by mentioning that there are some ULIPs that do not require premium payments after three years, and allow you to withdraw the invested money after five years (or a similar time frame, depending on your policy statement). As the money is invested in stock markets, it is often recommended to leave it there for a longer duration to maximize returns. Therefore, it is possible to keep the money invested without withdrawing it and paying additional premiums. This way, the initial investment can grow, and you can consider withdrawing it at a later time when it is most financially advantageous for you."}
{"1443": "\n\nHere is a revised version of the text:\n\nI will provide you with a breakdown of the steps. The total gain or loss for the overall transaction is 5 CAD. You only need to calculate these figures if you intend to keep some USD and convert it at a later time, or if you happen to have some US dollars in your wallet from your previous vacation. Remember to deduct any commissions, which should be converted to CAD.\n\nAlternatively, some people prefer to use an annual average exchange rate, which can be obtained from the BoC. In addition, there is a tax-free threshold of $200 for pure currency transactions, which means that small profits can be disregarded."}
{"1444": "\n\nTo calculate the hourly rate for a contractor earning $150,000 per year based on a $100,000 base salary, we can divide by 1,872 hours. This results in an hourly rate of $80."}
{"1445": "A significant portion of funds in financial markets can be attributed to institutional investors, including mutual funds, government pension plans, sovereign wealth funds, and more. These investors tend to conduct their trading activities towards the end of the day, primarily to ensure their end-of-day balances reflect their targets accurately and are easy to audit. While timing the market is not their top priority, the substantial amount of trading activity during this period of the day for stocks that are popular among institutions such as AAPL, which constitutes a significant portion of an index many funds track, is noticeable. The introduction of an underlying paper (PDF) explains multiple reasons why there is a lot of trading activity towards the end of the day. Nonetheless, fraud activities have been rampant during this period for an extended period. Despite electronic trading mitigating some forms of thievery that floor traders and brokers previously got away with, manipulative practices such as \"banging the close,\" or FX market manipulation at the close, persist, leading to penalties against six banks last month."}
{"1446": "\n\nAs you inquired about Apple, I must tell you that I currently hold two positions. My strategy was to go long at $500 and short at $600, essentially betting on Apple's recovery from its significant drop from $700 to about $450. On Friday, my target was for Apple to stay above $600, without much concern for how much it could potentially exceed that level. However, after the stock split, the new magic number for Apple is $85.71. Although my account displays the adjusted option pricing, AAPL's new price is not yet reflected."}
{"1447": "\n\nRewritten:\n\nIn the next sentence, what is meant by \"buyer's commission?\" It is actually referring to the commission that the buyer pays to their broker for executing the trade. For example, if a buyer wants to purchase 100 shares at $20 per share, and the broker charges a 4% commission, the buyer would end up paying a total of $2,080 ($20 x 100 shares + $80 commission). The seller would receive $2,000 while the broker earns $80 in commission.\n\nIn an initial public offering (IPO), the seller (i.e., the company offering the shares) often pays the commission instead of the buyer. So, in this case, the buyer might purchase 100 shares for $2,000 with a 7% commission, while the broker pockets a commission of $140. The seller would receive a total of $1,860. \n\nHowever, it could be argued that the buyer ultimately pays the commission either way, as the seller factors in the commission cost in their pricing. Generally, typical trades direct the buyer to negotiate the commission with the broker, whereas in an IPO purchase, the seller negotiates the commission with the underwriter.\n\nAn IPO has more parties earning commission than a typical trade. The broker still gets a commission from the buyer, and the underwriter gets a commission from the seller. In addition, the broker has to manage the negotiation of the share price, which could increase multiple times before the buyer gives an authorization to purchase. Even then, the buyer may not get the exact number of shares they requested.\n\nDespite the higher commission fees, buying an IPO could be beneficial if the stock price increases after the purchase. But it is important to note that the underwriter's interest is mainly in maximizing their return by convincing buyers to pay a higher price, even if it means overpricing the stock. This could lead to the stock price falling immediately after the IPO. Therefore, buyers need to be cautious and well-informed before deciding to purchase an IPO.\n\nFinally, it is worth noting that the numbers given in the text may not be accurate in today's market, as online brokers are highly competitive and may charge a flat fee instead of a percentage. The book may have provided these numbers based on an older period. Commission rates may also vary between the buyer and the seller or across different brokers."}
{"1448": "\n\nI'm a bit perplexed as to why you're considering purchasing a house for $450k. In today's market, that seems exceedingly high, unless you're looking in particular major urban areas. In suburbs, smaller towns, or cities, you should easily be able to find a lovely 3-bedroom house for less than $300k. Rather than dismissing the thought of buying a home entirely, I recommend taking some time to research local real estate listings, as well as foreclosed, court-owned, or bankrupt properties. You may be pleasantly surprised to discover a fantastic property for as low as $150-200k. Of course, if you happen to reside in a location where my advice doesn't apply, please disregard it altogether."}
{"1449": "\n\nBased on the W9 instructions, you are regarded as a U.S. person if: As outlined in the following section, it appears that forming a C corporation is simpler than an LLC. You may find additional information on this website: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw9.pdf. We hope this information proves helpful."}
{"1450": "\n\nI am a proud member of the BA frequent fliers' club, the Executive Club, and I must say, their service is superb. Their avios (or miles) are also very useful, but unfortunately, if you choose to fly with British Airways, the taxes you pay can be enormous. Nevertheless, I've used their avios several times on Air Berlin, American Airlines, and Iberia, and I'm pleased to report that their prices are very reasonable, even for trans-Atlantic flights. Although I tend to use them more for domestic flights in the US and EU, if your travels take you to other parts of the world, you might want to consider the partner club with American Airlines, especially if you're traveling within the US, or with Qantas if you're going to the far East. I cannot comment on other partner clubs. Ultimately, whether or not the investment is worth it depends on your travel pattern and where you can use these avios. If you only plan on using them on British Airways, I'm not sure it's worth the trouble, especially given the hefty taxes you may have to pay. However, even when purchasing miles tickets, you could still end up with a 50-70% discount off the regular price, making it something to consider."}
{"1451": "\n\nI would suggest establishing a landlord/tenant relationship instead of joint ownership. This approach is simpler and more straightforward, with one person taking on full ownership and the other assuming the role of renter. As the landlord, you can propose a monthly rental rate, and the other party can choose to rent or decline. Alternatively, you can both offer a secret rental price, and the landlord with the lower offer will be chosen.\n\nIf you are unable to afford a down payment, the renter's contribution can be considered an unsecured loan, with agreed-upon interest rates and payment schedules. If you both must have names on the financing, it's advisable to sell or refinance the property under one name as soon as possible should the relationship end. At this point, any remaining loan balance should be repaid to the renter, and the landlord will remain responsible for any equity or debt resulting.\n\nIf you anticipate that the unsecured loan will outlast your relationship, then you're either partnering on a home you can't afford, or you're partnering with someone you shouldn't. In either case, it's essential to consider a landlord/tenant relationship instead of joint ownership."}
{"1452": "\n\nAs a business law student, medical matters are not my area of expertise, but I will share with you what I know. Firstly, regarding the legality of the matter, I am not aware of anything that would make it unlawful for the doctor's office to consider their business with you concluded. Without a contract between you and the doctor, it appears that you agreed to pay them in cash, which would lead me to believe that the transaction was completed. Any agreements between the doctor's office and the insurance company are between those parties and would not grant you the ability to sue the doctor directly. However, if you are entitled to submit an insurance claim, you may consider requesting your medical records from the doctor to obtain more information. US law grants you the right to a copy of your medical records, although you may need to pay a nominal fee to cover the expenses incurred while making a copy. \n\nIf you wish to make a complaint, I suggest contacting your local Better Business Bureau. Additionally, each state usually has a medical board that oversees doctors, and you could file a complaint with them. Please note that this is my personal opinion and not legal advice. I am not an attorney, and I recommend consulting with an attorney licensed to practice law in your jurisdiction to obtain proper legal advice."}
{"1453": "\n\nAs DJClayworth cautioned, it is important to exercise caution in this matter. The property in question is designated as a residence, not a business location. Consequently, it is highly unlikely that the IRS will allow you to claim all expenses associated with the home as a business expense, even if it is currently unoccupied. While you may operate under the radar for a period of time and avoid potential issues such as zoning violations referenced by DJ, it is ill-advised to pursue such a course of action as it can invite trouble. Attempting to claim improper expenses presents a very real possibility of an IRS audit, in which case any perceived tax savings will swiftly evaporate. \n\nThat being said, you can contact a tax service to make an inquiry and gauge the situation \u2013 tax experts will gladly provide guidance and hope to secure your business. It is crucial to take this approach before embarking on any questionable activities, to avoid potential consequences with the IRS. I speak from experience when I say that I would rather endure the painful process of a double root canal sans anesthetic than undergo an audit \u2013 even when I know I did nothing wrong! (smile) Best of luck!"}
{"1454": "\n\nIn the case of 100/101, a limit buy order placed at the top of the bid list (101) would be filled immediately. However, for 90/98, a limit buy order placed at the top of 91 would only be added to the list and may or may not be filled at a lower price if an ask matches the bid. Market orders for 100/101 are more liquid, so a larger order than the existing orders at 101 will be partially filled at a slightly higher price. On the other hand, market orders for 90/98, which is less liquid, will likely be partially filled and may not fill entirely or may be filled at a much higher price."}
{"1455": "\n\nA breakdown in trust with the regulator can impede all forms of trading. When one has doubts about the authenticity of the banknotes they receive as payment, they may be discouraged from performing any work."}
{"1456": "\n\nInvestment banks generate revenue by publishing various reports in addition to their banking activities. Although I personally do not read these reports, it is natural for banks to explore additional sources of income, especially if it is legal. Regarding the Tesla stock question, it is imperative to consider that yesterday was the day that Tesla was included in the Nasdaq 100. This factor may prompt some investors to exit the stock, as they may have entered the position to take advantage of the index funds bidding the stock up. Alternatively, investors tracking other stocks not in the index may also be forced to sell. While the Goldman note could be a factor, it should be acknowledged that there could be other forces at play, such as automated trading systems driven by perceived arbitrage opportunities. It is challenging to determine the root cause of the sell-off, as there could be multiple factors involved, including stop orders, manual sell orders, or other elements that are unclear at this point. Ultimately, assigning responsibility is a complex task and requires a thorough analysis of the market dynamics."}
{"1457": "\n\nI am facing a comparable scenario of taking on IT projects on the side. To address this, I established an LLC for my business, set up a distinct banking account, and maintain separate records. From the LLC bank account, I compensate myself based on the hours I dedicate to consulting. I keep a portion of the earnings in the LLC account to cover expenses. Although I used to handle my taxes by myself, I now engage an accountant since I adopted this new approach. While forming an LLC won't affect your tax status, it will shield you from liability and offer a more straightforward route during tax season."}
{"1458": "\n\nRelative Strength Indicators (RSIs) are considered trailing indicators as they are based on the number of recent upticks or downticks in an investment's price. The size of a tick is quantized and related to the investment's price. However, by the time enough upticks have accumulated to generate a buy signal, the investment has already significantly increased in price. Likewise, by the time enough downticks have accumulated to generate a sell signal, the investment has significantly dropped in price. The premise of RSIs is that the moves found by these indicators are likely to continue after the signal is generated. However, those who rely solely on RSIs may miss out on the initial part of the move.\n\nDorsey-Wright provides investment research based on the theory of RSIs, including investment options informed by this research. They collaborate with local investment advisors to develop custom back-tested strategies. Dorsey-Wright has also published a white-paper, including references to other research on the subject."}
{"1459": "\n\nMany people in this community are discussing shorting stocks, buying options, and using leveraged ETFs, which can offer unique opportunities for experienced investors. However, these strategies should not be attempted until you've gained some experience. Even if you're making consistent profits early on, your focus should not be solely on making money. The real challenge is avoiding losses. These risky strategies require a deep understanding of risk management, which takes time to develop. Therefore, it's best to start with stocks with little to no margin. You can still make good returns by buying stocks that dip for temporary reasons that don't affect the company's long-term profitability. Look for events that cause predictable reactions in the market, such as lawsuits or recalls. Learn how to gather, manipulate, and analyze data to improve your decision making. Also, cultivate your analytical thinking skills and don't rely solely on others' advice. Finally, learn to manage your emotions and comprehend risks to avoid losing your investments. Remember that these strategies are not easy, and even experienced investors can have difficulty managing them. Despite my past success with these methods, I've since moved to technical trading and have been out of the market since 2015."}
{"1460": "\n\nAccording to economic theory, when demand for a good arises, two markets are created: a spot market for immediate needs and a futures market for future needs. The futures market enables buyers to agree on a pre-approved price, even if the good in question does not yet exist, such as with grain crops. As a natural extension of the futures market, options allow the buyer to have the right to say \"no\" when the contract falls due if the negotiated price is too high based on the actual spot price. This reduces the risk of paying more than necessary and protects buyers against potentially large losses.\n\nFor example, Coors Brewing Company may seek to buy 50 tons of barley grain for delivery in December to supply its upcoming sports events. To avoid paying more than the grain is worth, Coors requests the right to back out of the contract if the price risese. The co-op supplying the grain has a choice to make. If Coors defaults on the contract, the co-op could lose significantly if they had already made investments based on the contract price. Therefore, the co-op requests an option price to cover potential losses in the event Coors exercises the option.\n\nThe option price is based on a simple formula of the probability of Coors exercising the option and the potential losses the co-op would incur if that happened. However, accurately predicting these two figures requires advanced analysis and forecasting, which keeps actuaries busy. Ultimately, if the option price is reasonable, both parties can reach an agreement that benefits them both."}
{"1461": "\n\nFirstly, I'm thrilled to hear that your medical treatment was successful. It's hard to comprehend what you must have gone through. Nevertheless, you now face a reality that many households encounter. Consider some alternative options that you may have overlooked. If possible, I recommend avoiding the addition of more debt. Instead, focus on decreasing costs. With a good income, you can maximize your budget to contribute more towards your children's education. I completely agree with your aversion to parent loans for the same reasons you mentioned. Additionally, they don't stimulate cost-cutting measures, and there is no asset to return if college doesn't work out (which is the case for about half of college students). To avoid PMI or higher loan rates, don't borrow more than 80% of the value of your home. You mentioned paying off the HELOC in 5 years; why not apply this approach to financing your children's college? Please also note that opting for a second mortgage instead of a HELOC might not be better due to higher fees and restricted borrowing amount."}
{"1462": "\n\nAs an Australian traveler, I recently visited Malaysia for two weeks over the New Year holiday. To ensure I had the best currency exchange rates and no fees on credit card transactions, I obtained a 28 Degrees credit card, which is highly recommended for travel. However, I found that the Malaysian economy relies mainly on cash transactions, especially in non-urban areas. Consequently, I ended up making several cash withdrawals from my credit card, resulting in cash advance fees ($4) and a high interest rate (22%) on the withdrawn amount. Throughout my trip, I made five withdrawals, resulting in fees of approximately $21 - which was far from ideal. \n\nDuring my previous travels, I used a Commonwealth Bank Travel Money Card, which was not the best option, as it charged high fees for a higher exchange rate. If I had used it again for this trip, I would have incurred an additional $60 in fees compared to what I paid with my 28 Degrees credit card. Furthermore, my Commonwealth debit card would have been the same. It's worth noting that mandatory ATM fees were not included in these calculations. \n\nOverall, my experience has taught me the importance of selecting the right travel currency option and properly weighing the fees and advantages."}
{"1463": "\n\nInvestopedia offers tutorials on investments in various asset classes. Have you had a chance to read them? If you're familiar with CFA, you can access their comprehensive materials either by obtaining them or registering for CFA. Their content is primarily geared towards beginners and provides a wealth of information and advice from experts who have demonstrated their expertise in the field. What's even better is that you can access a plethora of helpful tips all in one resource. Keep in mind that their suggestions may differ from those in a hedge fund. And thanks to Google, you can easily find additional resources with a simple click of a button."}
{"1464": "\n\nYears ago, I mailed my personal tax return a day after the deadline, and although my check was deposited, I never received any notice regarding any penalty. As an employer, I once submitted my employees' withheld federal taxes after the due date, and received a letter imposing a penalty of around $600 for the tardiness. However, the letter also stated that since it was my first time being late, they would waive the fee. In both instances, I was liable for a late fee, but I was let off the hook in one due to my prompt response."}
{"1465": "\n\nWhether investing in the company is wise or not depends on various factors. It is essential to analyze the risks associated with the investment thoroughly. For instance, if the company offers great value and its current price is lower than its actual worth, investing in it could prove financially beneficial. However, there is still a risk involved, and it may not pay off immediately. Investing in the tech industry is generally considered safe, and the sector is currently witnessing substantial growth. As such, job security may not be a cause for concern even if the investment does not yield the desired returns.\n\nOn the other hand, investing a considerable sum of money in the company can increase your risk of loss. This is because, as an employee, you are already receiving remuneration from the company. It is advisable to avoid overinvesting as it could adversely impact your finances in the event of any negative development that could lead to the company's failure. Several analysts predict a possible recession for the tech industry, partly due to the impact of the NSA. Jesse Colombo, who accurately predicted the housing bubble phenomenon, has also predicted a tech bubble that may cause significant damage when it pops. Therefore, it is essential to consider these risks before making an investment decision.\n\nIt is also vital to consider your past investment ventures and weigh the potential benefits and losses. This approach could help identify areas of improvement and guide financing decisions."}
{"1466": "\n\nAre you looking for a time series of prices rather than a list of S&P 500 components? Yahoo Finance is a good place to start, and the code you need is ^GSPC:https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/%5EGSPC/history?p=^GSPC. On the right-hand side, there is a \"Download Data\" button."}
{"1467": "\n\nEngaging in such activity is illegal and can lead to imprisonment, as it takes advantage of both small companies and their investors who have faith in the company."}
{"1468": "\n\nIn the UK, dealers have a vested interest in encouraging customers to take finance. This is because they receive substantial benefits from the bank for doing so, which leads to increased commission and internal rewards for the individual salesperson. As a result, the salesperson may be less inclined to negotiate to get you the best deal if they don't see a financial incentive for themselves. Furthermore, if you choose to pay in cash, the salesperson may try to be firmer with you during price negotiation as they are taking a hit on their commission.\n\nIf you decide to pay in cash, the salesperson may become frustrated with you. However, in some cases, the dealer may offer to pay off the finance for you so that you can pay directly in cash while still receiving the bank referral reward. This practice is not made public for obvious reasons and is arguably fraudulent. If you have a good relationship with the salesperson and they trust you, it may be possible to arrange such an agreement. \n\nIt's best to be honest about your payment preferences when asked by the salesperson, as lying will not be useful in the long run. If you don't think you can get such an arrangement, there's no need to disclose that you plan to pay with cash. Overall, it's important to be aware of the salesperson's incentives and to negotiate wisely to get the best deal possible."}
{"1469": "\n\nThis question has previously been asked and answered. Generally speaking, owning a car tends to be more cost-effective than leasing one. This is due to the fact that leasing agreements are structured to benefit the leasing company and turn a profit. Car companies that do not prioritize creating profits for themselves will typically not remain in business very long. Essentially, it is a zero-sum game, and the lessee/client is typically on the losing end. The majority of the customer losses stem from maintenance expenses and instances of damage or accidents. In both cases, leasing arrangements are designed to yield a significant profit for the owner. The average customer often assumes these will not be issues, but they tend to underestimate the losses they might incur with maintenance expenses. For instance, if two oxygen sensors need to be replaced, and the cost to do so independently would have been $800, but the leasing company charges $1200, the difference of $400 results in a loss for the client. In the event of a total loss, the customer will potentially lose thousands of dollars. Leasing contracts are structured to benefit the owner, not the client. Additionally, leasing agents profit from \u201crequired maintenance.\u201d Such contracts necessitate lessees to perform maintenance activities like oil changes, tire rotations, and more. Manufacturers recalls are also common with newer cars, and those are also required. However, few people actually perform these tasks correctly, giving the agent an excuse to charge the customer thousands of dollars upon the car's return. Bills that range from $4000 to $6000 on a three-year lease for failure to perform required upkeep are common. It is crucial to note that agents profit from such items, which appear as though the deal is excellent when the customer first walks through the door. The primary advantage of leasing is that it requires less money upfront and is more convenient for people who want to switch to a different car without the need to sell the car."}
{"1470": "\n\nRevised: It is important to note that market orders do not receive priority over limit orders. In price/time order matching, the only factor that matters is the time at which an order arrives, provided that the prices match. For instance, let's consider a scenario where the best available sell for AAPL is $100.01 and the best available buy is $100.00. If a limit buy for $100.01 and a market buy arrive simultaneously, the matching engine will receive them one at a time, regardless of how closely they arrive. Suppose the limit buy arrives first, the matching engine will check for any matching sell at $100.01, and a trade will occur if there is one. This happens before the matching engine sees the market buy, which it will then process accordingly. In the same vein, if the market buy arrives first, the matching engine will match it with the best available sell at $100.01, and a trade will occur before processing the limit buy. Therefore, there is no comparison between the two orders or their \"priorities\" because they never exist in the system at the same time. The first order to arrive gets priority over the second, which the matching engine processes afterwards."}
{"1471": "\n\nThe answer to this question depends on the specific instrument in question. It is possible to make straight bets that are cash-settled and do not involve the buying or selling of the underlying commodity or instrument. However, in some cases, it may be appropriate to settle the contract in the underlying asset itself. In the past, physical delivery was the norm, but in recent decades, cash-settled contracts have become more popular, particularly among traders.\n\nTo make such trades, a brokerage firm can be used to even out bets between parties, with the firm charging a small premium for the service of making the market. The cost charged to one party should be based on the prices being charged to parties making the opposite bet. Options and contracts can be settled for cash or for the underlying asset, and they can be made directly with another party or through a neutral dealer. In summary, the settlement method and trading partner may vary depending on the specific trading instrument and the trader's preferences."}
{"1472": "\n\nOn June 27th, 2011, XIV ETF underwent a 10:1 share split, which resulted in a significant impact on its historical price data. While Yahoo Finance accurately reflected the adjusted price data, Google Finance did not, resulting in a tenfold increase in prices prior to June 27th. This inaccuracy coincided with a sudden surge in the underlying VIX index on June 24th and June 27th, which aggravated the bearish moves in the XIV ETF's historic price data. This blunder by Google Finance is not an isolated case, and some brokers also failed to adjust their data, causing confusion amongst clients with XIV holdings. An article detailing this confusion among investors is available here. Google Finance is known to often overlook share splits in its historical price data, causing a recurring problem."}
{"1473": "\n\nThe loan is not eligible for a tax deduction unless it is part of a mortgage or a student loan, which are explicitly given tax-deductible status. Other types of loans are not deductible, unless they are a business expense or meet other qualifying criteria. If you were involved in a short sale, there could be tax implications if some of your debt was cancelled. Lastly, it is important to note that you cannot take a capital loss on your personal residence, and therefore the loss itself is not deductible."}
{"1474": "\n\nRevised: \nThis policy is specific to \"Out of Network\" providers and applies primarily to Anthem members, whether they are Blue Shield or Blue Cross subscribers. Even when a patient completes an \"Assignment of Benefits\" form, assigning benefits to the provider and filling out all the fields on the CMS1500 or UB04 format claim form, Anthem's policy deems the form signed by the patient to be null and void. Other carriers do not behave this way. It is not a prudent or reasonable policy. It creates trouble for members, who must figure out which provider will receive the check. They may have to forward the payment themselves or may assume Anthem has made a mistake on their monthly premium, resulting in thousands of dollars in debt. Providers are also affected, as they must chase Anthem for payment and the patient for the payment half of the time. This policy generates additional phone calls for Anthem, which they do not seem to care about, as they pay their representatives in the Philippines very little. Anthem is the second-largest insurance carrier in the United States. Their profit reached over 800 million dollars within three months. Anthem's acceptance of a CMS1500 is inconsistent with their failure to follow the guidelines set forth by the form. Therefore, it is recommended that patients who encounter this problem should either deposit the check and personally write a check to providers, or endorse and forward the payment. It is advisable to deposit the check while keeping in mind the necessity of providing proof of income, such as to Social Security, banks, or other institutions, at a later date. Hence, it is essential to consider the practical ramifications of depositing a check worth $20,000 and withdrawing it in the same month, that might need explanations to the concerned parties."}
{"1475": "\n\nBen has already covered most of the information necessary, but I want to reiterate the most crucial part of obtaining a loan with limited credit history. It is important to visit credit unions or community banks in person and speak with a loan officer. Ask for suggestions on how much they would be willing to loan based on your income to receive the best interest rate available. Sometimes, shortening the loan term can result in a lower interest rate, but this may not always be the case. Regardless, ensure that you are financially capable of repaying the loan quickly, regardless of the term to which you agree. It is possible that different banks may have varying policies, so it is recommended that you talk to at least two of them, even if the first one provides terms that appease you. Engaging with a loan officer is a valuable life experience; by discussing your goals with them directly, you can gauge their feedback regarding the merit of a small loan."}
{"1476": "\n\nIt is not a requirement for a mutual fund to distribute dividends to its investors. Instead, the money earned may be reinvested in either the same stock or another, depending on the fund's objectives and current allocation. This process raises the net asset value (NAV) of the mutual fund, which indirectly benefits you when you decide to sell your shares. As the dividend is not directly paid out, it is not subject to taxation."}
{"1477": "\n\nA futures contract is established with a specific delivery date, while a stock index futures contract is settled in cash based on the stock index value at a particular time, which determines its final settlement. For instance, the S&P 500 (SPX) is a price return index, meaning that it is not influenced by dividends and thus does not include them in the index value. However, dividends do impact the value of constituent stocks to varying degrees, and therefore affect the stock index value. Since dividends are known in advance, or at least estimable, they are already incorporated into the futures price by the market.\n\nFor example, AAPL constitutes approximately 3.6% of the index and pays $0.52 dividends quarterly. If AAPL drops by $0.52 due to the dividend payout while the market is otherwise stable and AAPL is priced at approximately $105, the index would decline by roughly 0.0178% or around 0.35 points. Interestingly, some futures contracts, like the German DAX, are based on Total Return indexes, which means that the above logic must be reversed."}
{"1478": "\n\nYou can consider opening a Savings Bank Account with banks that offer higher interest rates. However, it's important to note that there may be a limit on the number of withdrawals allowed per quarter. If you're willing to lock in your funds for 90 days or more, you may be able to access even better interest rates. Alternatively, you could explore the option of opening a Demat/Brokerage account and investing in liquid funds. Do keep in mind that this may or may not be suitable for you, depending on various factors."}
{"1479": "\n\nCar loans generally have lower interest rates compared to personal loans. However, with the increase in competition, some lenders now offer car loans with rates as low as 1.99%, half of the typical mortgage rate. On the other hand, personal loans usually come with rates between 10-14%. It is unlikely that any financial institution will offer a personal loan secured by a car, and it may be against company policies. Some people focus on maximizing their credit score but achieving a high score doesn't necessarily equate to wealth. A sufficiently high score will ensure access to lower rates, but income will always be the limiting factor when it comes to borrowing. Optimizing credit score can be complex as the algorithm used is continuously evolving, and strategies that work today may not be effective in the future. Instead, people should focus on improving other aspects of their personal finance, such as increasing their income or obtaining higher investment returns."}
{"1480": "\n\nTL;DR: Changing when you get paid based on tax bracket information provided by Ben Miller can result in a maximum difference of $6,761 total, or about 4% of your average annual salary. In a specific case where someone is paid $87,780 annually, the difference in taxes paid between two scenarios of when they receive their pay is only $230 total, or less than 1% of their average annual salary.\n\nLet's further explore how brackets work by examining the differences that could result from changing your pay schedule. For someone earning $87,780 annually, their yearly tax payment is $17,716 (which includes $5,183 + $12,532, amounting to 25% of the portion of their income over $37,650). If this person received nothing one year and then doubled their salary the next to $175,560, their tax payment for the second year would be $42,193 (which includes $18,558 + $23,634, amounting to 28% of the portion of their income over $91,150).\n\nHowever, if this person adjusted their pay schedule, they could potentially see a maximum difference of $6,761 in total taxes paid, or $3,380 per year. In the specific case where they are paid $87,780 annually, shifting their pay schedule would result in a difference of only $230 total (or $115 per year) in taxes paid. This amounts to less than 1% of their average annual salary and could be either paying $35,432 total or $14,948 followed by $20,714 for $35,662 total."}
{"1481": "\n\nFirstly, I must commend you on your excellent command of the English language. Your proficiency is remarkable, and you should feel proud of yourself. In fact, there are many native adult speakers in the US who cannot write as eloquently as you can. I appreciate your ambition and determination to save money and improve your situation. It's wise that you are considering moving your funds to a more stable currency. However, your salary poses a significant challenge as banks in the US and EU usually require high minimum deposits. Saving up before opening an account may be necessary.\n\nTo address your query, it's extremely prudent to save money in different jars. My wife and I use a similar concept for our savings. Although we have one primary household savings account, we break it down into various categories using a spreadsheet. We allocate certain amounts for vacation, emergencies, or luxury items. Additionally, we have separate business and personal accounts. To manage our day-to-day expenses, we employ the envelope system. After our paycheck is deposited, we withdraw cash and divide it into different envelopes earmarked for various expenses, such as groceries, entertainment, and so on.\n\nIn conclusion, I think you have a sound financial plan, and I would be excited to see how you can increase your income."}
{"1482": "\n\nFrom any angle, this is a bad idea. Cars are a depreciating asset - they gradually diminish in value and are ultimately disposable. The greater the initial cost, the more value they will lose. For instance, if you buy a car worth $100,000, its worth will have dropped to less than $50,000 in four years.* That's a significant amount of money to lose in such a brief time. Not only that, but you will also have to pay for expensive insurance policies to protect such an expensive car. If you have your heart set on this kind of vehicle, it would be prudent to save up the money needed and avoid taking out a loan. \n\nHere's why. If you exclusively save $1,300 each month ($16,000 annually) for six and a half years, then you may have enough cash to purchase this car. It's a lot of money for a long-term goal, but if you save consistently throughout this time, you will be free to spend it as you desire. In addition, you'll have had enough time to reassess your options and may have decided that you don't want to spend all that money on a car. Though you may find yourself reconsidering your plan in the first year or so, you will have already made a significant sacrifice, but at least that money's still yours. But if you opt for a loan instead, you'll find yourself upside down on the payments, unable to sell the car for the same amount and lose thousands of dollars in the process. Start by saving diligently, and if you stick with it and achieve your goal, you may have second thoughts about using that hard-earned cash on a car. Consider a different goal, such as investing the $1,300 each month, getting 8% growth and becoming a millionaire in 23 years.\n\n* You can check this by visiting kbb.com and looking up the private sale value of the particular car you're interested in for the 2012 model. Chances are high that you'll find it's worth about half the cost of a new one."}
{"1483": "\n\nThe tax rules surrounding this issue may vary depending on your jurisdiction, and since I am not familiar with the rules in Illinois, I cannot provide specific guidance. However, I can provide some general advice on how to approach this situation. One potential issue you may encounter is being considered an employer if you collect a single check to distribute among tutors. If this is the case, you would be responsible for various employer-related obligations, such as payroll taxes, workers' compensation insurance, and benefits. Even if you are not considered an employer, you will still be paying the tutors, and if anyone receives over $600 in a year, you must issue a 1099 form. You should also obtain a taxpayer identification number for your organization and provide it to the school to ensure they issue the correct tax forms. You may need to register a \"Doing Business As\" name, and if you choose to have the school write the check to you as an individual, you will need to deduct payments to other tutors from your income. If your organization already has a separate tax identity, you could use that to receive payment. It's important to note that the organization would be responsible for paying income tax on any payments received and may deduct expenses such as payments to tutors and marketing costs. If possible, consider having the school pay your organization for its services, and then you can distribute payments to tutors yourself. To do so, you will need to provide the school with necessary information such as the name, address, Social Security number, and cost or hours worked for each tutor."}
{"1484": "\n\nThere are a few ways in which this text can be revised for clarity and coherence:\n\nRevised: There are various reasons for selling stocks, including when you believe they are overvalued, when you require the funds, or when you anticipate needing them within the next five years. In my case, I tend to buy and hold stocks for a long time. For instance, I purchased IBM shares in eighth grade in 1980, and I still own them today. Initially, the stock did not experience much growth over thirteen years, but it paid dividends regularly. However, over the following twenty years, it grew by 1800% and continued to pay dividends. Therefore, I agree with other posters that the saying \"pigs get slaughtered\" is unwise, as it merely benefits fund managers. For instance, if you had bought AAPL at $8 and sold at $12, you would have missed out on its subsequent growth to $600 and its 7-1 stock split, with its present value at $120. My parents held onto Grainger for years, and I have experienced positive results by keeping MMM and MSFT stocks in my portfolio for decades."}
{"1485": "\n\nRevised: The \"constructive receipt doctrine\" determines that a check made payable to a qualified charity and delivered, including being placed in the mail on December 31st, is considered delivered when it's outside the donor's hands. In contrast, for non-charitable gifts such as gifts to family members, the date that the check is cashed (honored by the receiving bank) is relevant. This is significant because the annual gift exclusion is limited to a specific year. For instance, gifting a child $14,000 using a check written on December 31st, 2014, but with a deposit date of January 3rd, 2015, would be attributed to the following year. Therefore, no further gift is allowed to be given to the child for the rest of the year. It's worth noting that the annual gift amount encompasses both cash and non-cash gifts. It's not commonly known that exceeding the annual gift exclusion can be problematic. For example, gifting $14,000 in cash to a child and giving Christmas gifts worth $1,000 to the same person would exceed the annual gift exclusion limit for that child. However, there are options to avoid this issue, such as giving $14,000 to each person. If married, each spouse can also gift $14,000 to each child and their spouse, as well as to each of their children if they have any."}
{"1486": "\n\nA bank check is issued by the bank itself and requires sufficient funds to be available in your account at the time of purchase. Once purchased, the funds backing the check cannot be reclaimed unless the check is returned to the bank. Similar to cash, once the check is handed over, there is no option to claim it was fraudulent or cancel the payment. Therefore, a bank check operates like cash in terms of the funds being immediately withdrawn from your account."}
{"1487": "\n\nOne of the fundamental principles of Sharia Banking, as stated on Wikipedia, is that Shariah prohibits \"Maysir\" and \"Gharar\". Maysir refers to contracts where the ownership of a good is contingent on an uncertain future event, while Gharar denotes speculative transactions. Both of these concepts are associated with excessive risk and are likely to generate uncertainty and fraudulent behavior. In other words, Sharia Banking prohibits investments that are deemed too risky."}
{"1488": "\n\nDon't worry! Your credit score will not be affected and you are not obligated to make a purchase if you had a pre-approval credit check done. Even if you did agree to a purchase, you may still be able to cancel since they haven't started shipping yet. If you are unsure, reach out to customer service to clarify. Keep in mind that while a credit check (known as a hard pull) was conducted, it only temporarily affects your credit score and the impact is the same whether you complete the purchase or not. If you need to do more shopping, don't worry too much about a few hard pulls. Just be mindful not to go overboard."}
{"1489": "\n\nThere is an aspect of real estate that is often overlooked \u2013 its ability to keep up with inflation over the long-term when accounting for all factors. Three factors contribute to this: firstly, the current state of the market; secondly, when all variables are normalized, the number of hours worked needed to pay for the median home remains relatively stable at just over 40 hours per month."}
{"1490": "\n\nEconomically speaking, purchased and rented real estate are not perfect substitutes since they represent largely separate markets. Switching from one to the other is difficult for most people, and once a house is bought, it takes a significant increase in prices for it to be worthwhile to sell and move into an apartment. Although both markets have a supply and demand curve, the demand curve for purchasing a house is much steeper than that of renting. The market for new housing fluctuates rapidly, as it takes a large change in housing prices to alter the number of potential buyers. Most homebuying decisions are not driven by the current state of the market. This creates a demand curve with a steep slope. Additionally, the demand for houses depends substantially on relatively small changes in interest rates and loan availability since mortgages provide leverage. Therefore, the steep demand curve shifts frequently as borrowing conditions change.\n\nOn the other hand, apartment prices are more stable because people can quickly move from one apartment to another or from their parents' house into an apartment if prices change. The quantity demanded of rentals responds reasonably to small changes in price or quantity. This represents a shallow demand curve. Furthermore, rentals are not as tightly tied to interest rates or economic conditions as purchasing a home. For example, during a recession, people avoid homebuying but continue to rent."}
{"1491": "\n\nRevised: Although these cars may be considered outdated, they are less likely to be stolen and offer reasonable safety. To ensure reliability, choose a model with a good reputation and check for common old models at your local junkyard. Although car maintenance may require effort and investment, learning how to fix simple problems yourself can save you money in the long run. Begin by identifying simple faults and diagnosing issues on your own as this can be a costly process when done by a professional. Since all cars sold in the US from 1996 have a required connection, most 1995 manufactured cars will likely have this connector worldwide. Connect your OBD2 adapter to this port and use an app on your phone to determine any faults and clear fault codes to ensure the problem is solved. Your mechanic should also use this when servicing your car. You can find used manuals being sold from service centers or yard sales that can provide you with service notes and even handwritten notes to assist you with your repairs. Most parts from scrapped cars are still in good working condition and can be easily removed for your use. Ensure you purchase good parts since your main income should come from the work performed on your car, not the markup on spare parts. Preferably, choose specialized mechanics who work with a specific brand of cars as they are more knowledgeable about your car and can acquire original spare parts. Turn off the AC when it's not necessary to save gas by disabling the AC compressor. Accelerate quickly instead of slowly to save more gas, allowing your speed to decline on uphills to regain speed once the road levels out. Ensure your car is healthy by checking for worn out parts that can harm your mileage. Reading your owner's manual can help you understand your vehicle's features and ensure it works as intended. Taking care of your car will benefit not only yourself but also your fellow commuters on the road."}
{"1492": "\n\nI was born a US citizen but have never actually lived in the country since leaving at just 6 weeks old. Being a dual national with UK citizenship, I recently encountered issues with TD Waterhouse's FATCA policy, which led to the request for my account closure. I find it frustrating that individuals with limited or no US connections are burdened by complex regulations that make managing finances needlessly complicated. Thankfully, I discovered that IG.com still allows me to transfer my holdings, provided I stay away from US investments. Though the experience has left me feeling outraged and disheartened, it doesn't compare to the cost of renouncing my US citizenship, which amounts to around $2500. I find this ironic given the country's oft-repeated slogan of being the \"Land of the Free.\u201d"}
{"1493": "\n\nFor up-to-date information on the UK situation, please refer to the government website at http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/incometax/tax-arrive-uk.htm. Please note that regulations vary based on the time you plan to stay. According to the website, visitors can remain in the UK for almost six months at a time, but the average duration of stay should not exceed three months over a four-year period. It is recommended to avoid exceeding this limit or seek professional advice as the situation can become complex."}
{"1494": "\n\nRevised text: When an individual or institution shorts a contract, it means that they will owe money if the price goes up within the next five months. Conversely, they will receive money if the price goes down. This is determined by the difference between the price at which they sold the contract and the 3-month Eurodollar interbank rate, multiplied by the value of the contract and time period of 5 months. If they are long, they will receive money if the price goes up, but will owe if the price goes down, with no other changes. The cash settlement feature eliminates the need for a 3-month loan to settle the future, if held to maturity, as they just pay or receive the difference. This ensures that there is no credit risk except for the clearinghouse. The expiration of a three-month Eurodollar futures (GE) contract is calculated as 100 minus the three-month Eurodollar interbank time deposit rate."}
{"1495": "\n\nIn my opinion, it can be considered \"safe\" to assume that taking a cautious approach could be beneficial. However, this does not necessarily mean that your assumption is accurate or likely to be correct. Instead, being cautious can help protect you from the potential losses that come with speculating on the highly unpredictable stock of a small company with no revenue, profits, or assets and ongoing financial difficulties. It is uncertain whether the company will be able to secure the financing it needs, which raises doubts about whether the company can survive. While this is not unusual for a penny stock, there are many other factors that can influence stock performance, making it difficult to predict with certainty. Even if there is a news item, the market reaction could be speculative, driven by individuals with enough financial clout to move the stock. Instead of investing in penny stocks, there are better opportunities out there with lower risk and greater potential returns."}
{"1496": "\n\nConsider using your own tracking software, such as GnuCash, Quicken, Mint, or even Excel, especially since you are manually entering transactions. You can easily find pre-made spreadsheets for investment tracking by searching online. While I haven't come across any tools for data migration, it may be worth looking into. As for your other questions, I suggest editing your question to focus on the topic at hand."}
{"1497": "\n\nWhen a property changes hands, its sale price may or may not affect the appraised value of the property or other similar properties. Due to the uncertainty regarding the factors that affected the price, local governments are likely to overlook this data point. Additionally, transactions resulting from foreclosures are typically excluded from these calculations as their target price is the loan value, not the true market value.\n\nIn California and some other jurisdictions, a change in ownership may trigger a property value re-evaluation. Counties assess all recorded deeds to determine which properties require this reappraisal. The assessor's office may also discover ownership changes through other means like taxpayer self-reporting, field inspections, or reviews of building permits and newspapers. Proposition 13 requires county assessors to reassess the property to its current fair market value as of the date ownership changed. This current market value is used to determine property taxes, which may increase if the new market value is higher than the previously assessed base year value. Only the portion of the property that changes ownership is subject to reappraisal. In most cases, when a residence is purchased, the entire property is reassessed to its current market value."}
{"1498": "\n\nYour profit from the capital is 100 quid, but unlike running a business, capital gains are not subject to tax deductions. Therefore, it is your responsibility to select a savings scheme that maximizes your profit, whether that be through low costs or the highest possible rate available."}
{"1499": "\n\nConsider holding onto your cash instead of investing. Wait until a significant drop in the price of your favorite high-quality stocks occurs. However, don't rush into purchasing just because of a price drop. Wait until the market reaches the bottom, which should be apparent before making a decision."}
{"1500": "\n\nAt the time of the auction, Android was still in the development stage. Many companies restricted the phones permitted on their networks to control their usage. The leading telecom companies such as AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint were cautious of smartphones that could interfere with their revenue as they charged for every additional feature. Besides, they wanted to limit customers from taking their subsidized phones to other networks to secure long-term profits. Google understood the potential for the largest available bandwidth to be monopolized by one company and their ability to dictate which phones and services would use it. They strategically controlled the auction to prevent this from happening. However, some believe that Verizon purchased the spectrum more to prevent competitors than to use it. Nonetheless, competitors can now operate within their network, albeit within certain limitations."}
{"1501": "\n\nYou have interpreted the information correctly, particularly at a high level. These figures are taken from Microsoft's 10Q filing and an investor summary, but are submitted to NASDAQ by Zacks Investment Research, a large investment data company. I am unsure why non-GAAP figures for Microsoft, rather than AAPL, were used. It's possible that non-GAAP figures were seen as more accurate or there was a material reason for their use. Alternatively, it could be a typographical error, although recent quarters for Microsoft have consistently used non-GAAP figures. Microsoft states that the discrepancy between GAAP and non-GAAP revenue is primarily due to deferred revenue from Windows and Halo. Confirming this, MSFT's SEC filing included the GAAP numbers but not the non-GAAP figures. I should note that the 10Q filing is not the only source of information, which can be shown by Oracle's figures. For example, during March 2016, Oracle had revenues of $0.50/share GAAP/$0.64/share non-GAAP, but the NASDAQ page shows $0.59/share for that quarter. My assumption is that Zacks does extra work and incorporates specific numbers that should be in the revenue stream, but aren't included in the GAAP figures. Perhaps Microsoft and Oracle have more of these types of numbers, such as deferred software revenue. AAPL has less of this, as the majority of its profit comes from hardware."}
{"1502": "\n\nIs there a guaranteed way to make money through ICOs? Definitely not. There are countless scams and money-grab schemes out there, and most ICO projects are unlikely to succeed. However, there are some ICOs that are likely to perform well in the future. To identify them, create a list of projects that pique your interest, and research each one thoroughly. Some of the critical factors to evaluate, in addition to the credibility of the concept, include the expertise and reputation of the team members. Check whether they have reliable LinkedIn profiles and can verify their claims. Analyze the whitepaper to ensure that it presents a clear roadmap with achievable milestones, without errors or typos. Assess the ICO structure, including the target amount of funding, the burning of unsold tokens, and maximum contribution limits to investors. Examining the competition is also important since being the first to market can make the project more enticing. Although there are many more aspects to consider, these are some of the crucial ones. I have compiled a comprehensive guide to assess the investment potential of an ICO, which may help you avoid putting your Bitcoin or ETH into dubious projects."}
{"1503": "\n\nThe stock price is determined by the highest transaction volume at the current time. The value you mentioned represents the price of the last transaction on a particular stock exchange, making it more of a historical value. The next trade will occur at the price with the next highest volume, which may be higher or lower depending on incoming bids and asks. However, in the absence of a market crash, the difference should not be significant. To illustrate, consider a simple example of a stock exchange."}
{"1504": "\n\nIt's important to keep in mind that stock options typically lose their value if not exercised while still employed by the company. This means that if you aren't certain you'll be with the company until an IPO, the options could essentially be worthless. The safest way to value stock options is to assume that they have zero value until exercised. However, with companies like Google and Facebook, stock options can be exercised and sold immediately on the public market. Some companies may even offer stock grants that allow you to sell a portion of the grant to pay taxes, and then sell the remainder for cash even after leaving the company. As long as the options/grants have vested, valuing them at current stock price is a reasonable estimate of future value. If you are confident you will stay with the company through an IPO, you may wish to value the stock based on earnings. For example, a $10 million profit could easily justify a $100 million IPO market capitalization. Dividing that by the number of shares outstanding and multiplying by the number of shares you hold can provide a conservative estimate of the value of your options. Nevertheless, big company offers that are immediately tradeable are typically more favorable than those contingent on an IPO. If you leave the company before the IPO, you may receive nothing, and if the IPO is delayed, you may be unable to leave the company without forfeiting part of your compensation, which can be a significant commitment to make."}
{"1505": "\n\nI do not believe this can be classified as front running. The alleged frontrunner in this case only has an advantage in knowing about the trade itself. Although this information may be sensitive to share prices for some high volume traders or those with many followers, it is not exclusive to them, and it is impossible to establish parity. If a company or organization responsible for distributing a trader's data to their followers (or their employees) were to act upon the trading data before it is disseminated, then they would be guilty of front running. The alleged frontrunner may benefit from their following, but this is only because of the publication of market-sensitive information. This type of information is generally required by law to be published, and it is challenging to find any significant faults. Traders must consider who is the greater fool: the fool who trades or the one who follows."}
{"1506": "\n\nI met two Harvard MBA graduates who both became VPs at large Canadian companies, generating $1 billion or more in annual revenue, after working as management consultants for 2-5 years post-graduation. One of them is now a divisional president, earning over $500,000 in salary alone. When I asked one of them about the difference Harvard MBA makes, he emphasized the value of the brand name and network, since most MBA schools use similar material. I agree with his assessment, as the caliber of the professor does not always determine one's ability to apply learned skills effectively. In my own MBA experience, the professor facilitated discussions rather than lectured. It seems that MBA programs prioritize critical thinking and presentation skills over mere knowledge transmission. Regarding Mr. Attia's question, I would suggest pursuing the highest ranked MBA that is financially and logistically feasible. A colleague secured his employer's payment of the $90K Rotman tuition fee and five years of job security. Due to the importance of flexibility and affordability, I opted for distance learning at Lansbridge University in Fredericton. Fortunately, my new boss approved my MBA program without requiring a long-term commitment after I switched positions."}
{"1507": "\n\nRevised: Start by clearing all current debts and creating an emergency fund that can sustain you for at least six months. Freelancing poses more risks compared to standard employment, so it is important to be prepared for unexpected expenses. Next, consider investing in GICs that align with the maturity of your projected education fees. Once you have taken care of these expenses, use the remaining funds to invest in a low-cost (less than 0.5%) passive large-index mutual fund that covers either the S&P or TSX. Avoid overthinking the process and stay focused on a simple, reliable approach."}
{"1508": "\n\nIn some instances, a 1 for 1 split refers to the division of a single company into two separate entities. The newly created entity may either be sold to a different firm or spun off independently. Whenever a company undergoes such a split, the ratios of the resultant entities must be established."}
{"1509": "\n\nAround half of all Swiss francs are earned through exports, making it easier for Swiss companies to operate when the franc is not too strong. The EU is Switzerland's most significant export market, with some companies conducting solely domestic business, while others are more dependent on global economic health. The impact of a strong franc varies among companies based on their product offerings, competition, and other factors. Recent decades have shown that the franc's value is becoming less correlated with Swiss economic performance and more as a safe haven currency during global economic uncertainty. During these times, the franc's value can be overestimated, but this tends to subside as the global economy improves, as it is happening in mid-2017. Thus, the Swiss franc's value is not strongly linked to Swiss competitiveness but is more influenced by global concerns, much like gold."}
{"1510": "\n\nThis scenario occurs frequently, oftentimes without the knowledge of the companies involved. In Collateralized Debt Obligations, it is common for pieces of the same financial products to be included, making it difficult to identify the underlying asset. This can be likened to creating a portfolio of stocks, where the companies in your portfolio also own shares in other companies included in your portfolio. Although it is assumed that diverse investments can't all perform poorly simultaneously, the interconnected value of these companies can cause this situation to occur if their shares are tied solely to other companies' shares, masking the lack of strong operations. This was a critical factor in the financial crisis of 2008, but adding more disclaimers that all investors agree to has remedied this problem. This ensures that investors are aware of what they are purchasing."}
{"1511": "\n\nInvesting in index-tracking funds for the long-term generally poses relatively low risk compared to short-term speculation. However, it is still a higher risk than money-market investments, savings accounts, or bonds. This is because the return is not guaranteed and losses are not limited. Volatility and general market conditions play a part in this risk, although volatility also affects bonds to some extent. While long-term trends may be upwards, short-term trends can vary significantly. For example, the S&P500 lost value in 2008, resulting in investors who liquidated their investments in November 2008 after investing in November 1998 ending up with no gain or even a loss. If they had waited just one more year, or liquidated a year earlier, the result would have been significantly different. This is an example of volatility risk. Even with long-term investments, you can't invest indefinitely; at some point, you'll need to liquidate your investment. Higher volatility means a higher chance of a downward spike, potentially killing your gains, even if the general trend over the surrounding period was upward. Major indexes are hard to avoid, and hence, diversification is critical. Diversification can involve allocating funds between bonds and stocks and investing in different markets, not just in the US but also overseas."}
{"1512": "\n\nI am of the opinion that capital gains have an impact on AGI. However, in the case of selling $40k worth of stock, AGI increases only by the gains (gross proceeds of the sale minus cost basis). Therefore, assuming the stock was purchased for $30k, the AGI increases by $10k, not $40k."}
{"1513": "\n\nYou will likely receive an opportunity to purchase \u00a310,000 worth of stock for \u00a310,000. Assuming the stock is valued at \u00a32.50 on the day of the grant, this would give you 4,000 shares. Since there are tax drawbacks, firms seldom offer options at a discount. The advantage of a stock option is that you only need to pay \u00a310,000 when you decide to exercise it, regardless of the current valuation of the 4,000 shares. The purpose of this is to motivate you to work harder to boost the company's value. The vesting schedule should also be examined. Although some portion of it may become vested each year, you will usually be unable to exercise all of your options for several years."}
{"1514": "\n\nTo ensure you are aware of what you are paying for, it is important to review your contract. Typically, accounts that incur a monthly fee offer additional features that may not be available at no cost banks. However, it can be argued that these expenses should be covered by the interest earned on your deposited funds. It is worth noting that banks that offer no-fee accounts often require a minimum balance or monthly cash flow. Paying a fee for bank services removes these restrictions. In the UK, it is unclear whether traditional banks would cancel your credit card if you lose your job and no longer qualify for that card, but some banks may. Ultimately, the choice is yours to make, and while it is unfortunate that this kind of choice is not readily available in Canada, you are not solely paying for the privilege of letting your bank invest your money without your knowledge."}
{"1515": "\n\nIf you file state tax returns, it's recommended that you avoid purchasing the Basic version. Instead, choose between the Premier and Business and Home versions. The price difference is insignificant, and I have provided a comparison on my blog that includes short descriptions of which version would be most useful for whom. It's worth noting that the prices have decreased significantly since I originally wrote the article."}
{"1516": "\n\nIf your dream car costs 200 times your monthly salary, it may seem unattainable. Attempting to finance it through a loan could land you in a debt trap that could take years to escape. Be cautious of any car dealership that claims to offer a solution to this problem. The business practices of some dealerships in the United States, which sell cars on loans to people who cannot afford them, were recently exposed in a video by Jon Oliver from \"Last Week Tonight.\" Deals that seem too good to be true are usually just that. After a few months, the victims customers end up with no car but a mountain of debt.\n\nOne way to determine if you can afford a car is by calculating the monthly cost of ownership. A new car usually lasts for about 10-20 years, so divide the price by 120 to get the monthly cost of buying the car. However, this only covers the vehicle cost and not the additional monthly expenses, such as gas, repairs, insurance, taxes, etc., which depend on your usage pattern and location. If your monthly disposable income is less than the purchase and running costs, you cannot afford the car.\n\nThere are other alternatives to explore if you cannot afford your dream car."}
{"1517": "\n\nThe current state of modern portfolio theory is that it has underestimated the risk associated with recommended assets. This discrepancy occurs due to the limited number of underlying assets within the recommended section of the curve. Whenever investors identify such assets, substantial amounts of funds get poured into them. This causes a temporary reduction in measured risk and increases measured return. However, as time progresses, the market becomes saturated, eventually leading to a crowded trade. At this point, an influx of capital tries to exit the trade into cash or the next discovered asset. As a result, the measurable risk rises, and the measured return drops abruptly. In short, modern portfolio theory can create bubbles that eventually burst. As a solution, other investment strategies should be considered."}
{"1518": "\n\nIf you're living in the US, verifying your identity is a common step when you apply for a loan. One way lenders check is by asking you to confirm previous addresses, which might include some near-identical options, such as the same city or street. Occasionally, you might need to select \"None of the above\" answers. This process helps guard against fraudsters who might try to take out a loan in your name. As long as you don't see any suspicious accounts or transactions on your credit reports and the car loan application was your own, there's little reason to be concerned."}
{"1519": "\n\nThis situation may be attributed to the adoption of chip card technology and delays in reimbursement. During a recent visit to a restaurant that had not yet implemented chip technology, my card was repeatedly declined. I later discovered from my bank that this was due to the restaurant's lack of chip technology and the fact that I had never been there before. Additionally, it is common knowledge that reimbursements to merchants may take considerable time as banks are cautious about releasing funds that aren't theirs."}
{"1520": "\n\nThe Fair Credit Reporting Act outlines the process for consumers to dispute incorrect information in their credit reports on pages 50-54 (labeled as 55-59 in PDF format). If the reporting agency cannot verify the information's accuracy within a specific timeline, the safest outcome for them is to remove it from the report. However, if this action is unsatisfactory, consumers have the right to request that the reporting agency notify any person who has received a report containing the disputed or deleted information. \n\nThe section that governs furnishers of information (\u00a7 623) specifies their duties when reporting information to consumer reporting agencies. They are not allowed to report any information that consumers have identified as inaccurate and must promptly notify the agency of incomplete or inaccurate information. However, there is no specific statutory timeline for conducting an investigation into the information's accuracy."}
{"1521": "\n\nTo my knowledge, no. If you're seeking to reduce losses from buying stocks, it would be wise to explore investing in stock mutual funds. This is because investing in individual stocks can carry a significant amount of risk."}
{"1522": "\n\nConsider using a VOIP service provider or web-enabled conference calling services for your home phone. Communication technologies have advanced, integrating multiple formats and platforms to reduce phone bills for users. Tools such as UberConference, Skype, and Webinar offer audio and video conferencing features, as well as web conferencing capabilities. Service plans range from free to basic or business tiers, allowing users to choose the appropriate level for their needs. Investigate these services as a potential replacement for your home phone line."}
{"1523": "\n\nIf there are better investment alternatives, taking out a loan with a modest interest rate may be more advantageous than paying in cash. For instance, let's examine the scenario of purchasing a house. There are two extremes to consider: a) buying the house outright in cash, or b) financing the entire purchase with a bank loan. Historically, house prices (adjusted for inflation) have not significantly increased in the long run in the United States. Therefore, investing all of your own capital in this manner might not be the most optimal decision. It's important to note that we're assuming in both scenarios that you'll be living in the house - rent savings are not impacted. However, if you were purchasing a house as a separate investment for renting out, then you would receive rent. With Scenario a), your capital's real return would be zero, whereas with Scenario b), you can invest the cash in the stock market and earn an average of 7% annually (the stock market has yielded a 7% real return annually including dividends) minus the bank's interest rate. If the interest rate is less than 7%, it might be profitable to take out the loan. Of course, the final decision depends on your risk preference."}
{"1524": "\n\nSince I first asked this question on travel.SE, I have conducted several searches and read various articles in order to find answers. One reliable source that I came across is \"thefinancebuff.com,\" which provides an excellent comparison of costs as of September 2013. The article, entitled \"Get the Best Exchange Rate: Bank Wire, Xoom, XE Trade, Western Union, USForex, CurrencyFair\" by Harry Sit, compares the following methods for transferring funds: \n\nTheir comparison is for transferring US$10,000 from the US to Canada and converting it to Canadian dollars. According to their analysis, CurrencyFair is the most cost-effective option."}
{"1525": "\n\nI believe the question contains some incorrect assumptions, but I will attempt to provide helpful answers. Firstly, your broker cannot take action on the calls you have sold as they do not own them nor can they opt to exercise them. While your broker can liquidate positions during margin calls, this scenario would not result in a margin call since short calls covered by long stock have no margin requirement. Hence, your broker has no right to take any action against you unless you have bought something on margin that has caused a margin call. If you are concerned about the person who owns the long calls, they can impact you by exercising their right to buy the stock from you. However, since the options are not in the money, it is unlikely they will exercise them before expiration, if at all. This is because most options trade above their intrinsic value, and in this case, the option allows the owner to buy the stock at the same price as anyone in the market, making it irrational to exercise. Selling the call and buying the stock in the market would be a better strategy for the owner."}
{"1526": "\n\nThe Average True Range (ATR) is a tool designed to track volatility on a daily basis. By using ATR, you can determine whether a stock's daily volatility is increasing or decreasing, which is useful when charting and identifying potential entry and exit points. Traditional historic volatility measures, as mentioned in your previous point, provide a longer-term view of a security's volatility. Keep in mind that trends can exist both up and down while maintaining the same amount of daily volatility, as measured by ATR. Some methods attempt to combine intraday data with historic volatility. There is no definitive answer as to which measure is better - it depends on the intended use of the measure."}
{"1527": "\n\nContact American Express as they might be the only ones who possess an updated list."}
{"1528": "\n\nThe text can be revised as follows: \n\nThere are different types of Individual Savings Accounts (ISAs) in which you can deposit up to \u00a320,000 in a tax year. You can choose to invest the whole amount in a single type of account or distribute it amongst various ISAs. However, the maximum contribution limit for a Lifetime ISA is \u00a34,000 per tax year. For instance, you could allocate \u00a311,000 to a cash ISA, \u00a32,000 to a stocks and shares ISA, \u00a33,000 to an innovative finance ISA, and \u00a34,000 to a Lifetime ISA within a tax year. \n\nWhile investing in shares can be beneficial, it is crucial to assess whether it is wise to put all your savings in them. In case you require the funds for purposes like holidays or buying a car, you might have to sell them when the share market is low, incurring losses. As a basic rate taxpayer, you are entitled to a personal savings allowance of \u00a31,000, and thus, it may not be necessary to opt for a cash ISA for the tax benefits, which are often accompanied by low-interest rates. Nonetheless, it is advisable to maintain some savings in cash, such as in a current account offering favorable interest rates on the balance. \n\n(Source: https://www.gov.uk/individual-savings-accounts/how-isas-work)"}
{"1529": "\n\nAlthough it's frustrating, it's not necessarily false advertising. There is no law that mandates a retailer to correct a pricing error, let alone within a specific period. Moreover, unless the retailer has taken and kept your money, they are not obligated to do business with you. In the US, 'misleading advertising' refers to any promotion that misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities, or geographic origin of goods, services, or commercial activities. However, in Europe, misleading advertising centers more on comparing products, making subjective claims, or making false promises. It is crucial to demonstrate that you suffered harm or loss from the business's actions to prove a case. Even if proven, you would need to go through legal proceedings to force the business to change its pricing. \n\nIt is not clear if the situation is a one-off annoyance or if it regularly occurs and damages your business. If it's the former, remember that an online shop can change its prices at any time and reserve the right to cancel orders. Alternatively, try a diplomatic approach to resolve the issue. If it's the latter, document the instances and impact on your business before taking action. Check out the EU Justice Commission's website on false advertising and the UK Office of Fair Trading's PDF on what is explicitly not allowed in advertising and business practices for more information."}
{"1530": "\n\nCongratulations on your paycheck! :-) I wanted to discuss the holds on your account with you. Is it possible that the overdraft incident triggered more caution from the bank? Additionally, how long did the $150 hold last? Alternatively, the bank may simply be more cautious due to the economic climate of recent years. It's important to remember that cashing a check before it clears is a form of credit, and the bank may not trust the company that issued the check. I had a similar experience with a hold on a check drawn from the same bank on a new account I had years ago, but the issue was eventually resolved. Before you threaten to leave the bank, it's important to understand the situation fully. I suggest speaking to the branch manager in person to get a better idea of what is going on. They may be able to remove the holds or provide a solution for the issue. Good luck!"}
{"1531": "\n\nHave you utilized any other online features in Quicken? How many distinct ticker symbols do you presently possess? How frequently do you actually require the updates on stock prices? While you can always opt to continue utilizing Quicken, manually entering stock prices is also an option. Monthly updates should provide you with a broad overview of how your investments are performing. This method can be used indefinitely."}
{"1532": "\n\nA top-down approach is necessary when the bottom-up approach of markets has resulted in periods of high unemployment. This approach involves beginning at a high level and then working down to the details. For example, in planning a vacation, one would start with the continent, then country, then specific cities. Similarly, in this case, macroeconomic trends must be analyzed before developing a strategy to address the problem. The bottom-up approach, on the other hand, involves starting with details and building up to a general idea. For instance, when planning a vacation, one might start with cities and build up to an itinerary. Grassroots efforts are an example of bottom-up approach where citizens form groups to gain influence. In this case, the statement suggests that a different approach is required than the one used to create the problem."}
{"1533": "\n\nAs specific numbers were not provided, I will respond in general terms. If I were to purchase a call option and short the underlying stock with the delta, the resulting value would be the value of the purchased option less the value of the shorted stock. Note that the premium paid is not included in this value, as it is a sunk cost that will impact profit/loss. If I were to adjust my portfolio to maintain a delta short in the underlying, the value would remain the same. In terms of profit/loss, I would subtract the amount paid for the portfolio's end value from the amount received for shorting the underlying, which includes the premium paid for the option."}
{"1534": "\n\nI strongly advise against pursuing the option of enjoying short-term lucrative interest rates. The reason for this warning is due to the reckless utilization of deposited funds and other public monies for constructing buildings, which is solely intended to boost the country's GDP. To justify this, the cost of real estate is included as an investment, unlike the rest of the world, which assesses it based on final sales. As a result, all depositors in Chinese banks are at substantial risk of losing access to their funds, or at least ending up with their assets frozen. This is mostly because all funding used for real estate construction comes from banks, and to a lesser degree, taxes and land seizures. More insights about China's unbridled building spree can be found in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm7rOKT151Y Additionally, it's also advisable to check out Chapters 11 & 12 on the East Asian Crisis via this link: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/commandingheights/lo/story/ch_menu_03.html. It's possible to prolong this situation if China opens up its financial system to outside funding, but this would subsequently amplify the impact of the already existing issue."}
{"1535": "\n\nBased on the feedback received regarding the mortgage costs of your various options, I will address the remaining half of the question. Please note that while my assumptions may not be completely accurate, they are still useful for comparison purposes. \n\nAssuming you make your mortgage payment and then contribute the remainder to savings, this is where you will stand after 30 years. Surprisingly, the 30 year mortgage results in $40k less in savings, but a $20k higher balance. The reason for this is the effect of compounding interest. When you contribute more money to savings at a faster rate, it usually works in your favor, as long as your savings venue generates a higher rate of return than the cost of the debt. \n\nIf the yield on your savings drops to 3%, the 30 year mortgage will net you $264,593, while the 15 year option yields $283,309. If, on the other hand, your savings yield increases to 10% (not unheard of for a strong mutual fund), the 30 year option nets $993,418, while the 15 year option comes out at $684,448. \n\nTherefore, while it is true that you will pay more interest on a 30 year mortgage, having a solid investment portfolio, and making consistent contributions, will ultimately result in greater savings in the long run. However, it is crucial that your investments earn more than the interest on your loan. If your debt is costing you more than your investment is earning, it's better to pay off your debt first. In reality, you need your investments to outperform both the interest on your debt and inflation to stay ahead overall. \n\nPersonally, I would suggest looking for investments that generate at least an 8% annual return, and choosing the 30 year mortgage option. Please note, however, that all investments involve risk, and there is no guarantee of reaching any particular earnings target."}
{"1536": "\n\nThe Euro has been depreciating against the Swiss Franc due to the ECB's extensive money printing to purchase government bonds. As a result, some Euro holders have turned to the Swiss Franc as a way to protect their savings from inflation. As demand rose, the Swiss National Bank tried to keep the Franc's value low by printing more Francs and buying Euros, but its efforts failed. The SNB has now pledged to print as much as necessary to achieve its desired peg to the Euro, and the Franc's value has fallen. With all major central banks participating in a currency devaluation contest, inflation is expected to rise significantly. This development may not significantly impact the European financial crisis as most government debts are in Euros. However, Europeans may want to consider investing their savings in a more stable currency as they have experienced rapid depreciation."}
{"1537": "\n\nThe issue at hand is whether the assessment of my property aligns with the valuations of neighboring homes. In the event that my 1500 sq ft house on 1/4 acre is appraised significantly higher than a similarly sized property in the vicinity, I may have grounds to contest the assessment. While a variance of up to +/- 10% could be attributed to differences in age and quality, a discrepancy of 25% or more warrants further investigation. It's important to note that values assigned for various purposes may not necessarily match. To begin exploring this matter, one could utilize a resource such as Zillow, which provides information on property taxes and square footage. We would appreciate it if you could keep us informed of any findings. Thank you for joining us on Money.SE."}
{"1538": "\n\nThe dealership is primarily concerned with receiving the payment promptly and without any uncertainties. The source of the funds is of no consequence to them. If you opt to secure a loan or devise other methods to acquire the necessary funds, it is entirely your responsibility. Only if you obtain a loan through the dealership will they be accountable for any related matters."}
{"1539": "\n\nDefined contribution and defined benefit are two types of pension plans. In defined contribution plans, you or your employer contribute a set amount, and you are responsible for any investment returns. In contrast, in defined benefit plans, your employer promises to pay you a specified amount, and they are responsible for making the necessary investments to provide for it.\n\nThere is no clear answer as to which plan is better. Defined benefit plans offer more predictable and assured benefits, but they rely on the employer to have saved enough money to pay that amount. If the employer fails to do so, the only fallback is government guarantees, which have limitations. On the other hand, people control their own defined contribution accounts, which are always fully funded. Defined benefit pension plans are often underfunded, and the employer is expected to subsidize them when they run short.\n\nIf you prefer having someone else make promises to you and aren't worried that they won't keep them, you may prefer defined benefit plans. If you want to have personal control over your money, you may prefer defined contribution plans. Some see defined benefit plans as the gold standard of pensions, while others view them as risky and encouraging false promises.\n\nIn my personal opinion, defined benefit plans are a curse as they encourage risky behavior and false promises. In contrast, defined contribution plans are more honest about what they provide and better match the production of employment with its compensation."}
{"1540": "\n\nHave you considered lodging a complaint with your state's Real Estate Institute or taking legal action through Fair Trading? I understand that obtaining payments from real estates can be difficult, but persistence is key. Request to speak with the management or director of the company and set a reasonable deadline of no more than three business days for payment. Advise them that if you do not receive payment by this deadline, you will be making a formal complaint to the Real Estate Institute and pursuing a legal resolution through Fair Trading. It may be necessary to communicate directly with the owner or top-level management since frontline employees may not have the authority or incentive to resolve payment issues promptly. Additionally, remember that the longer the real estate hold onto your funds, the more profit they earn in interest."}
{"1541": "\n\nAlthough it remains unproven, there is a possibility that Long Term Capital Management's founders, who were all math experts, overlooked something crucial. While I acknowledge that every idea has some value, I like to draw a comparison between this concept and the speculation about time travel. If such a benefit truly existed, why hasn't anyone already capitalized on it? In my view, the math behind it is elementary and can be solved using basic arithmetic operations, requiring nothing more than a basic calculator."}
{"1542": "\n\nI noticed several interesting points in your question. Firstly, you mentioned that your only source of income is from your employer (A). However, you also receive employer stock (ESPP, RSU, NSO) and taxes are withheld for these transactions through your broker, as shown on your W2 statement (B). Additionally, you have encountered issues with Alternative Minimum Tax (C).\n\nWhile point A suggests a straightforward tax return, points B and C indicate a more complicated situation. If the employer stock is not handled correctly, there could be under-withholding, resulting in issues with AMT. In a simple tax situation where income doesn't fluctuate much, the standard deduction is taken, and the number of exemptions corresponds to the number of family members, the withholding should be accurate. The exemptions on the W-4 form compensate for situations that surpass the standard deduction, while additional withholding is necessary when there is extra income or the AMT is involved."}
{"1543": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt is uncertain whether the IRS utilizes the metric of \"homemaker\" occupation beyond general statistics, such as reporting the percentage of MFJ returns with this designation. While they may attempt to match occupation with income levels, there are more precise fields on Schedule C for self-employed individuals and W2 forms for employees. Therefore, it is unlikely that the IRS places significant value on this metric, and I agree with others who do not view it as authoritative."}
{"1544": "\n\nBonds are valued based on the concept of the \"time value of money\". This means that money now is worth more than money later due to the potential to earn a return between those two time periods. For example, consider a bond with a par value of $100 that will mature in 10 years with a 0% coupon rate. If a company or government issuing these bonds needs one million dollars and investors expect a 5% rate of return, each bond would only sell for about $62. To receive $1 million now, the bond issuer would need to sell $1.62 million in bonds. These calculations are based on equations that determine the future and present values of investments. The percentage of rate of return is referred to as the \"yield\" or \"discount rate\", depending on what is being calculated and other factors such as inflation.\n\nTo reduce the amount paid by the bond issuer, many opt for \"coupon bonds\". These bonds have a \"coupon rate\" that determines the amount of the \"coupon payment\". This is akin to making interest-only payments on a credit card balance. By making these payments periodically, the bond issuer avoids interest compounding. From an accounting standpoint, the coupon rate lowers the amount of actual money paid. In the previous example, $1 million in bonds with a 5% coupon rate would only require a total payment of $1.5 million. The interest payments would be paid annually or semi-annually, totaling half a million dollars. From a finance perspective, the present value of coupon payments plus the maturity payout is higher with a coupon bond compared to a bond that only pays out at maturity.\n\nCoupon rates are beneficial to bond issuers because they simplify the bond package. For instance, if a small business needs $1 million for a project and is willing to repay it with a 5% interest rate in 10 years, they can issue $1 million worth of bonds with a 5% coupon rate and maturity in 10 years. Whether or not the market accepts this rate depends on the market's assessment of risk. If investors perceive the business as a good investment, they may buy the bonds for more than their face value. However, if they view the business as a poor investment, they will seek a higher rate of return. The purchase price will reflect the present value of all coupon and maturity payments."}
{"1545": "\n\nI live near the historic Concord, Massachusetts, and often drive past Walden Pond. It reminds me of Henry David Thoreau's famous words: \"Simplify, simplify, simplify.\" In my opinion, simplicity is key. Why have two checkbooks when one would suffice? I believe it's best to keep all of your regular expenses in one bucket, one account. The same goes for your savings account\u2014combining and tracking them is much easier than having multiple separate accounts. \n\nHowever, when it comes to retirement, it's essential to have both tax-wise retirement accounts (such as a 401(k) or IRA) and post-tax regular brokerage accounts. In my personal situation, I've found that the Schwab non-retirement account works well for emergency funds (with money market funds) and savings (with CDs of different maturities). \n\nDespite simplifying wherever possible, my wife and I still each have a 401(k), an IRA, and a Roth IRA. I have an inherited Roth, and I manage my teen's Roth and brokerage accounts. That adds up to nine accounts, which is difficult to reduce. Therefore, my recommendation is to go back to the first four accounts and use the #4 checking account attached to the broker account as the emergency fund. That way, you'd only have three accounts. Any further granularity can be achieved with a spreadsheet. \n\nIn closing, simplification is crucial, but it's essential to consider individual circumstances, as everyone's financial situation is unique. For example, think about the day you find your dream home\u2014will you be willing to forgo that year's vacation to make it happen?"}
{"1546": "\n\nGreat question! To be honest, I am not aware of a comprehensive list of bad online banks. While I write on a personal finance blog, it is important to disclose that I often receive commissions for discussing online accounts. As a result, I focus on promoting those that pay the best commissions, which does not necessarily mean they are the best option for everyone. Some affiliate programs might even restrict me from posting negative reviews. Thus, it is crucial to approach reviews and recommendations with a critical eye and make sure that the blogger clearly states whether they have any affiliate relationships with the banks they review.\n\nIf you want to avoid wasting time reading blogs, you can always conduct a Google search with the bank's name followed by \"sucks\" to see if any negative reviews come up. Additionally, don't hesitate to contact the bank directly and ask them any questions you might have about their services before opening an account. A reputable bank should be transparent and willing to answer your inquiries."}
{"1547": "\n\nThe charts on nasdaq.com are logarithmic in nature, which is observable by the tighter spacing between evenly incremented prices at the top of the chart and a wider spacing at the bottom. This is particularly evident when viewing a stock with a wide price range, using a candlestick chart to clearly witness the grid. I respectfully disagree with the assertion of \"absurdism\" on Google Finance, as I see a vertical differential on the price axis, which represents the same percentage change in price, regardless of its placement. For example, when observing GOOG from Aug 20, 2004, to Dec 7, 2007, there is a consistent gap of 100 points between the bottom of the chart and the 200 point as well as between 200 and 400, and 400 to 800, all representing a 100% increase. This aligns with my expectations of a financial site's logarithmic chart, whereby a given relative move up or down of the same distance signifies an equivalent relative change in value. \n\nIn regards to the complaint about conducting other mathematical operations with the axis, I suggest using Excel for a more in-depth analysis. One can access the charts on nasdaq.com, select the preferred date range, click the graph to show the underlying data, and then download it. From there, you can use Excel to manipulate and chart the data as desired. Please note that step two involves client-side JavaScript, which requires an enabled JavaScript function, and popups may require approval on this site. Although an occasionally bothersome news alert ad may pop up, it is the cost for accessing a free website that does not charge for access."}
{"1548": "\n\nStock exchanges can be thought of as similar to brokers. If you purchase a home and your broker becomes bankrupt, you still retain ownership of your home but will require the assistance of another broker to sell it. In the case of stocks, you possess the stocks that you buy; however, you cannot purchase new stocks or sell your existing holdings without the services of an exchange."}
{"1549": "\n\nSeveral personal finance software packages, such as Quicken, can track the basis cost of individual purchase lots or fractions of them. Additionally, the mutual funds I've invested in provide this information upon share redemption. I cannot confirm which sources can make this data visible at times other than sale, as I have not required it. Furthermore, I am uncertain of the significance of this information unless you intend to sell specific lots explicitly, rather than using FIFO or Average accounting."}
{"1550": "\n\nWhy wouldn't there be a bid and ask? Dealers generate profits through the difference between their buying and selling prices for assets, known as the spread. Although they don't necessarily have to conduct transactions in an auction format, they will still establish different buy and sell prices, resulting in the use of \"bid\" and \"ask\" terminology."}
{"1551": "\n\nIf you have worries about the future of your job or the employment landscape in your area, it may be wise to consider keeping your options open for a potential relocation in search of new opportunities. While certain insurance products may claim to provide coverage for your mortgage, they often come with various loopholes that can make them difficult to collect on. Insurance companies aim to make a profit, and as such, premiums can be high in anticipation of potential claims. Instead, it may be more beneficial to divide those premiums between your mortgage and building your own self-insured unemployment fund, such as an emergency fund in a money market bank account. It's also important to ensure that you have ideal term life insurance coverage for your family, as well as long-term disability insurance should an unfortunate situation arise in the near future. When contemplating a home purchase, it's wise to keep in mind that a longer-term stay in the area, say five years or more, may be necessary to justify the investment. Additionally, taking the time to save until you can afford a down payment of 20% on a home, even if you opt for a 30 year mortgage and can afford to pay it off in just 15 years, can lead to greater financial benefits and less stress in the long run."}
{"1552": "\n\nConsider buying this book, which is a concise crash course in personal finance that is perfect for someone in their twenties starting a career. It can be easily completed within a weekend. Although the book is somewhat dated (pre-housing bubble), it is still a relevant and valuable resource. In my opinion, it is the premier introduction to personal finance available. Nearly all financial advice found online can be traced back to this book. By following the book's guidance, you will establish a stable financial foundation. You may not become a financial expert, but you will, at the very least, grasp the fundamentals. Although there are additional personal finance \"protips\" beyond the book's contents, it is best to focus on mastering the basics first."}
{"1553": "\n\nThe ATM and my Credit Union account offer numerous benefits, including low fees (often zero if the machine is on the same network), a reasonable exchange rate, and the convenience of not having to carry cash or traveler's checks. Another option is to pay by credit card, however, there may be a foreign transaction fee associated with it."}
{"1554": "\n\nTypically, higher interest rates in the local currency compensate for potential gains from currency exchange rate changes. If they don't, people could profit from it. However, this can only be determined in hindsight, so there's always a level of risk involved. Choosing whether to go with the US dollar or the local currency depends on the local economy's future outlook. If there's a chance of a severe economic downturn with high inflation and new currency, investing in the US dollar is likely safer. Conversely, if the economy performs better than expected, you might lose out on some gains. Generally, investing in a more stable currency yields slightly lower returns, but carries less risk."}
{"1555": "\n\nWhen deciding what to do with extra money, there are several factors to consider. Firstly, it's important to determine if investing the money elsewhere would provide a higher return than paying off a mortgage. This can be determined by ensuring that the investment rate is higher than the mortgage rate. Secondly, it's crucial to assess if sufficient savings are in place to cover unexpected expenses, such as job loss. If not, it may be wise to invest the extra cash in an instant access investment, even if the interest rate is lower, as it allows for future flexibility. Lastly, it's important to consider any outstanding debts with higher interest rates and prioritize paying those off to maximize the investment."}
{"1556": "\n\nThere are various ways in which issuers benefit from CFDs. If a broker has trades on both sides (buy and sell), they can offset the volumes against each other and profit from the spread, while using the posted margins to cover profits and losses from both sides. Since settlement for most securities is not immediate, issuers may buy the security without the intention of taking delivery and sell it at the end of the day to pass delivery on to another party, ultimately profiting from the spread. Additionally, issuers receive low commissions on their volumes, lowering their costs compared to the value of the spread. However, if they cannot net the position, the spreads will be wider. Although issuers may occasionally be required to purchase the security outright, it is rare, and this results in even wider spreads to ensure they can make a decent profit."}
{"1557": "\n\nIt is recommended to regularly review your credit history. Have you recently checked your credit score with an independent provider such as Equifax? This may provide insight into the actions of PayPal."}
{"1558": "\n\nTo summarize JAGAnalyst's answer: the buying company only needs 51% of the voting bloc to agree to the merger, or a supermajority (90% in the US), to avoid a vote. The preference for a \"friendly merger\" involves making a tender offer to the board of directors or direct owners of a private company. If this fails, the buying company resorts to making a tender offer on the open market to acquire 51% of the total shares. Market cap is not considered, as one can own 100% of it and still lack a majority holding. A company with less than 51% of its shares on the public market may have private shareholders that need to be convinced to sell. If the company is at risk of a hostile takeover, it may take measures to resist it. However, the shareholder voting body may reject these measures if they believe the takeover will benefit them. Holdouts who did not sell their stocks during a successful merger may be forced to sell at the tender price or exchange for equivalent stock in the buying company."}
{"1559": "\n\nIt's actually quite simple. You seem to be confusing two concepts: taking a short position and short selling itself. Taking a short position involves selling a stock in the belief that it will drop, but whether or not you buy it back later depends on whether you think it will rise again. When you take a short position, you don't profit from the drop in price, but you also don't lose any money.\n\nHowever, if you believe a specific company or the market in general is going to drop and you want to profit from that drop, simply buying stock won't work because that is going long. To make a profit, you need to buy low and sell high. Selling high is easy, but to buy low, you need to acquire the stock somehow. You can borrow it from someone and then sell it, promising to return it later. When the price drops, you can buy the stock back at a lower price and return it to the lender, making a profit on the difference.\n\nThis strategy is known as short selling, which is a type of short position. Some hedge funds use multiple strategies and algorithms to optimise their transactions and reduce borrowing fees. However, there is always a risk involved, and it's important to keep that in mind. It is possible to lend yourself the stock, but this only makes sense if done properly and with a solid plan in place."}
{"1560": "\n\nInvestors who are Canadian and possess Canadian dollars (CAD) are more inclined to purchase TSX-listed shares quoted in CAD. This allows them to avoid the currency exchange fees for USD-quoted shares listed on the NYSE. If Shopify is offering only one class of shares to the public in the IPO (Class A subordinate voting shares as indicated in Shopify's form F-1), then the shares that will trade on both the TSX and NYSE will be the same class, and therefore identical. The major difference will be the currency in which they are quoted and traded, offering another dimension to possible arbitrage, which could result in price deviations between exchanges due to currency fluctuation. A company that maintains a dual listing will need to follow the requirements of both the TSX and NYSE. This may have a hard cost in terms of additional filing requirements, but it can benefit them from increased liquidity from multiple listings. Moreover, Canadians are more likely to invest in a Canadian company with a TSX listing quoted in CAD. Additionally, a company listed on both the TSX and NYSE is more likely to be included in a significant market index based on market capitalization. This benefits the company because its shares would be bought by index ETFs and index mutual funds. Finally, a dual U.S./Canadian exchange listing is a common strategy for Canadian companies with significant business outside of Canada."}
{"1561": "Efficiency and liquidity are strongly correlated as an asset's price during a trade remains unknown if it is not sampled, making it inefficient. Although past prices can provide a reference, they are not indicative of the present price, and substitutes are even worse. However, SPY is an exceptionally efficient equity and could potentially trade with lower ticks while still maintaining a locked market. An ideal exchange would have no public restrictions on trade and continuous locked orders with infinite precision, making it perfectly efficient for investors' purposes. Despite this, the Efficient Market Hypothesis has little relevance to the rational investor, who invests in the market at large based on their risk appetite. Additionally, liquidity is beneficial as it is proportional to the number of investors, thereby reducing the risk of having an insufficient number of participants. ETFs that do not perfectly track their underlying index due to market restrictions experience more significant price inefficiencies. Yet, ETFs invest in emerging markets, making them more efficient by providing a known price for these markets."}
{"1562": "\n\nThere are several online platforms where you can conduct stock research, such as Google Finance, Yahoo Finance, and Reuters. However, it is crucial to understand that the stock price alone does not have any significance. The share price is determined by dividing the market capitalization by the number of outstanding shares. For instance, assume that Company A and Company B have a net worth of $1 million each. However, Company A has only issued 10,000 shares, while Company B has issued 100,000 shares. As a result, Company A's share price is $100, while Company B's is just $10. Therefore, comparing stock prices fails to provide any insight into the relative value or financial health of the companies. \n\nAlthough Investopedia's dictionary provides quality beginner investing information, I acknowledge that product recommendations are prohibited. Additionally, starting with the questions labeled under the \"stock\" tag on this platform could be an excellent starting point. Finally, if you're looking for a book to read, \"A Random Walk Down Wall Street\" provides a solid foundation for investing in the stock market."}
{"1563": "\n\nWhen using a stop-loss order, it will convert to a market order when the set trigger price is reached or surpassed, causing your shares to potentially sell at a lower price than intended. With securities that lack liquidity, this order may be divided between buyers at various prices, leading to a significant drop in the value of the shares sold. To decrease this risk, brokers offer stop-limit orders. This type of order comprises a trigger price and a minimum price acceptable for your shares, reducing the likelihood of selling at an undesirable price. Yet, if a flash crash happens, and other sellers lower stock prices beyond your set limit, your order may remain unexecuted, and you'll be left with depreciated shares. For stocks that are relatively stable and liquid, either option is suitable, but for uncertain and less liquid securities, a stop-limit order provides a more safeguarded approach. However, you might end up retaining shares longer than expected. You must select the form of risk you are prepared to handle."}
{"1564": "\n\nPersonally, I wouldn't spend money on an appraisal. Instead, take some time to research recent sales in your specific area on Zillow.com, Realtor.com, and other relevant websites. Make sure to review comparables to your property and avoid looking at houses that are a mile away. Pay attention to the dollars per square foot metric as it is a key factor in determining the value of your property. Analyze the trend over the past couple of years and determine if it's upwards or downwards in terms of dollars per square foot of living area. If it's trending downwards, I wouldn't advise investing."}
{"1565": "\n\nIn numerous European countries, prices have skyrocketed, so the adoption of the euro is not entirely beneficial. Additionally, relinquishing monetary control is not a widely accepted idea. I believe that the UK will not be adopting the euro for a significant amount of time."}
{"1566": "\n\nIn the United States, there are limited legal options to reduce your tax burden on income earned as an employee beyond utilizing pre-tax contributions, charitable giving, or investment losses - a strategy that may not make financial sense. Unfortunately, this means that the $660K in taxes cannot be avoided. However, for the $80K in stock dividends, consider moving your investments from \"value\" to \"growth\" companies. Growth companies tend to pay fewer dividends and focus on increasing share prices, allowing you to defer taxes until you sell your shares. Depending on future tax laws, you may pay less tax on capital gains than on current dividends. As for rental income, you can depreciate the value of the property over time and deduct upkeep expenses from taxes owed. However, intentionally incurring rental losses to lower your tax bill is not a viable strategy: for every dollar you earn, you pay only 50 cents in tax, while losing a dollar for every dollar lost."}
{"1567": "\n\nA better investment you can make is in yourself, enhancing your skills that are practical and useful. If you allocate your resources to develop your skillset, you can remain valuable irrespective of economic fluctuations."}
{"1568": "\n\nYou mentioned that high rent places are usually also high property value places. Taking advantage of tax incentives, it may be beneficial to invest in a house for long term gain. If you have the option to live and purchase a home in a high cost of living (CoL) or low CoL city, the former may be preferred. In the long run, owning a million dollar house after 30 years is more lucrative than owning a quarter million dollar house. However, this napkin math does not account for the additional expenses associated with owning a home, such as:"}
{"1569": "\n\nMake sure to also inquire with your bank(s) or credit union(s). The first one I looked into presents an unsecured loan at a variable rate of 7% and a signature loan at a fixed rate of 7.5%, without any concealed fees attached to either. However, you may be able to find more attractive offers elsewhere. It's also worth exploring store credit options. In the past, Sears has provided 1-year 0% financing for appliance purchases if you agreed to sign up for the store's credit card during the transaction. If you're responsible enough to pay it off before any interest charges accrue, this can be an unbeatable deal. Other retailers have offered similar initiatives for significant purchases like this, so it's essential to do a bit of research. (I myself bought my refrigerator this way and managed to pay it all off by the tenth month.) The potential downside is that some individuals become sidetracked and wind up paying interest charges, and the store is hoping you'll shop more frequently because of your account with them."}
{"1570": "\n\nIt is entirely possible to transfer funds out of an employer's group personal pension scheme, even if information on partial or full transfers is not readily available on a website. I personally did this earlier this year, transferring most of my funds from my employer's Aviva plan to a lower-cost SIPP. The lack of movement by Aviva to post-RDR \"clean priced\" charge-levels on funds led me to make this decision, and I only regret not doing it sooner. The paperwork was initiated from the SIPP end, and I made sure to communicate to HR and Aviva's representative that I was not exiting the company scheme and expected my contributions to continue unchanged. Monevator's online broker list is a useful resource for selecting a SIPP, with the cheapest option depending on the level of funds and trading frequency. Additional details on my experience can be found in a thread here. While my initial hope of an in-specie transfer proved naive, the out-of-market time was shorter and less intimidating than anticipated."}
{"1571": "\n\nInsider trading refers to the purchase or sale of an investment based on significant, confidential information that provides an unfair advantage over other traders in the market. While employment at a company is one way to gain access to such information, insider trading does not necessarily depend on whether or not the individual works there. In fact, the information could be used well after the person leaves the company, or even if they never worked there at all. It is still considered insider trading if a friend or relative shared non-public information that they obtained from their employment at the company."}
{"1572": "\n\nI understand this to refer to \"vice\" stocks and essential goods. The term \"cake\" may be a euphemism for \"sin\" as discussed in The Virtues of Vice Stocks, which also encompasses \"lesser sins\" such as sweets and soda. On the other hand, \"underwear\" is probably referring to items that people will purchase regardless of economic conditions, such as everyday necessities. These types of necessities tend to be safer investments."}
{"1573": "\n\nWhen buying shares on company B's stock exchange through an ADR, GDR or similar instrument, currency risk is still present. The risk arises from the process of creating the ADR, with the bank taking into account the exchange rate and other factors when deciding how many ADR shares to sell. Currency appreciation can increase the ADR share price even if the European share price remains unchanged. However, a decline in the European share price can offset the currency risk, leaving the ADR share price unchanged. In the event of a significant currency depreciation and a decrease in the company's share price, there is a magnified loss for American holders of the ADR due to the currency shock. Additionally, foreign companies may also be exposed to currency risk if they conduct business in different currencies, which may not be fully hedged. Articles (1) and (2) discuss currency risk specifically in the context of ADRs, and companies such as Nestle address this issue in their FAQ for investors. Although other risks are associated with ADRs and cross-listed companies, arbitrageurs usually remove these discontinuities quickly, keeping the prices of highly liquid securities relatively synchronized."}
{"1574": "\n\nRevised: This change essentially makes goods from other countries cheaper than those from the US, while imports from these countries to China become more expensive. The following illustration uses two major currencies as an example, but it is only meant to show the effect and does not indicate the actual cost of goods in these countries. Assuming exchange rates of 1 GBP = 1.60 USD, 1 EUR = 1.40 USD, and 1 CNY = 0.15 USD, the cost of a particular item (e.g. pencils) in the international market is 2 USD. For export to be profitable, the cost of manufacturing should be less than GBP 1.25 in the UK, less than 1.43 EUR in Euro countries, and less than 13.33 CNY in China. If the actual manufacturing cost, however, is 1.4 GBP in the UK, 1.5 EUR in Euro countries or higher, it becomes impractical to compete. Now, suppose the USD appreciates by 20% against other currencies, while the CNY remains the same. With 1 GBP = 1.28 USD, and 1 EUR = 1.12 USD, the cost of manufacturing should be less than GBP 1.56 in the UK, and less than 1.78 EUR in the Euro Zone, which exceeds the actual cost of manufacturing. Thus, goods from other countries become cheaper and more competitive, while goods from China become more expensive. Similarly, imports from these countries to China become more expensive."}
{"1575": "\n\nTo begin with, it is crucial to establish a budget. Calculate all of your income sources such as wages and allowances, and all of your expenses including rent, utilities, loan repayments, food, and both essentials and luxuries. If your income is greater than your expenses, you are off to a good start. On the other hand, if your expenses exceed your income, trouble may lie ahead. Either increase your income, reduce your expenses, or both. Examine your expenses, cut back on luxuries, discover less costly alternatives for necessities, and obtain a second job or increase your hours at your current position. The goal is always to have more income than you spend. Secondly, pay off outstanding debts by paying more than the minimum amounts and establish savings objectives. For example, you may want to set aside money for a car or create a six-month emergency fund (a dedicated account with enough funds to support you for six months in case of job loss or illness). Consider earning a higher education degree to qualify for better-paying positions. When you earn more, avoid overspending on luxuries; indulge yourself, yet be responsible. Increase the amount you save and learn to invest to improve the return on your savings. Establishing a solid financial future requires hard work and self-control. However, once you get started and adjust your attitude, you'll find that the path becomes smoother quickly. You have time on your side, which is your greatest asset, starting early."}
{"1576": "\n\n\nRevised:\n\nWhen it comes to paying off loans, a common approach is to make minimum payments on two loans and prioritize aggressively paying off the third one. However, there are different opinions on which loan to tackle first. Some experts advocate for paying off the loan with the highest interest rate first, as it can save you the most money in interest in the long run. Others suggest paying off the loan with the smallest balance first, emphasizing the emotional satisfaction that comes with paying off a loan, which can be more valuable than the slightly higher interest rate of the other loans. Ultimately, the choice of which loan to focus on first depends on individual circumstances and priorities, both financial and personal."}
{"1577": "\n\nIf the losses of your sole proprietorship exceed all other sources of taxable income, it's called a Net Operating Loss (NOL). You can opt to \"carry back\" or \"carry forward\" the losses. In the former case, you'll amend a tax return you filed during the last two years where you owed tax. In the latter case, you can reduce your taxes for a future year, up to 20 years from now. Visit the IRS links on NOL for more information. It's crucial to ensure that you file the NOL correctly. Therefore, we suggest consulting a professional accountant, particularly if the loss is higher than the accountant's fee."}
{"1578": "\n\nThe explanation is correct: The trader buys the first call and profits linearly from $40 onwards. However, once the stock price reaches $45, the short call kicks in and neutralizes any further profit on the first call."}
{"1579": "\n\nIn the past, the market has generally yielded an average rate of return of 8%. Serakfalcon's estimation of \"6% to 10%\" is practically the same figure. For long-term investments with low risk, you should aim to achieve returns in this range. Allocating your investment in only \"5 or 6 companies\" is risky unless you have a deep understanding of each of the companies. In this scenario, if any of these companies face a setback, a significant portion of your investment suffers. However, if any of them gives rise to the Next Big Thing, the returns can be enormous. Diversification may not be flashy, but it protects you against losses from individual stock crashes. Expanding your portfolio to include various types of investments also protects you against market sector crashes. Although index funds may not seem thrilling, they are a low-cost way to diversify, particularly if you invest in a mix of funds across different categories like large cap, small cap, bond, international, real estate, or a target date fund that includes a combination of these options."}
{"1580": "\n\nMy approach to money involves three categories. The first, savings, is my emergency fund. I keep six months of expenses, which includes anything I consume, but I leave some wiggle room. If my consumption expenses are around $3,000 a month, for example, I'll save $21,000. This money needs to be accessible, so I keep it in a liquid account like a HELOC or Roth contributions. These savings are distinct from consumption, which I'll discuss shortly.\n\nThe second category is investments, which can include stocks, bonds, income-producing real estate, and small businesses. These dollars require a strategy and a timeline. Every dollar placed here has the potential to multiply over time. Once I invest in this category, I don't take it out unless it's absolutely necessary or I've reached my timeline goals. Note that rental real estate is included in this bucket, so reallocating investments to purchase properties is okay.\n\nThe third category is consumption, which is the most critical part of my financial planning. Budgeting is essential here, and I account for everything, from a $5 magazine to a $200 bottle of wine. Any money spent in this category is gone but can be partially recovered by selling items on eBay. Decisions made here have a significant impact on personal finances, so it's vital to be strategic. This category also includes expenses like car insurance, life insurance, taxes, and accountant bills.\n\nTo summarize, I use three categories for my finances: savings, investments, and consumption. Savings are for emergencies only, investments require a strategy and timeline, and consumption is for monthly expenses. As long as I categorize my dollars correctly, my financial planning remains secure."}
{"1581": "ers, it is important to consider whether the problem actually stems from potential ownership or corporate issues with the shares in question. As such, it is important to not simply focus on actual sales, but also consider factors related to taxation and ownership when seeking to sell shares. It is also worth noting that broker responses may vary depending on these factors."}
{"1582": "\n\nAn alternative and simpler approach to achieve the same result as @BenMiller is as follows: If you have the funds available to pay off your debt in cash today, which is $1695.70, then that is the exact amount you owe the hospital. There are no discounts offered for paying with cash; in fact, you will end up paying more if you delay paying. Such additional charges are referred to as interest, and indeed, the hospital is charging you an interest. By using any mortgage program, you can calculate the interest rate for paying off a debt of $1695.70 over 60 monthly instalments of $37.68. The program will show that you are paying 12.64% effective annual interest. If you can earn a higher return on your funds elsewhere, after taxes, then invest the cash there and pay off the hospital gradually. However, if you can't find a higher return, then promptly pay off the debt in full and avoid the hassle of writing 60 cheques. EDIT: The incorrect calculation has been revised in line with @BenMiller's suggestion."}
{"1583": "\n\nAt present, five of my colleagues are in the process of re-financing their mortgages with Amerisave. Four have had only positive experiences but the fifth person has been struggling with a representative who has consistently been misinterpreting his requests, requesting duplicate paperwork and generally being bothersome. Despite these issues, this co-worker is willing to persevere because he has secured the lowest rates with Amerisave. All five colleagues highly recommend Amerisave, with the exception of the aforementioned individual. A further individual I know has successfully refinanced their mortgage twice through mortgagefool.com. My overall impression is that online lenders are like traditional brick and mortar lenders; some are reliable and well-reputed, whilst others may not be as reputable."}
{"1584": "\n\nRevised: The fee for Nutmeg is as low as 1.78%, but only if you commit to a 10-year plan. It's evident that they aim to keep clients for at least four years. However, as a self-executing investor, I often struggle with the notion that these fees are exorbitant. Additionally, I wonder why there are two fixed fees. Perhaps, they didn't want to have one daunting number. Either the advisor's fees are unreasonable because they provide the same analysis, or the other fee represents a share of the fixed costs. However, advising is as essential as any service. Nutmeg, in my opinion, is a reasonable choice for anyone looking for an affordable online investment platform. Their fees drop significantly for investors with over 100K, and based on their past performance and fee structure, they are not a bad option in the market."}
{"1585": "\n\nRevised: What options do you have? Either pay off the loan or risk dealing with debt collectors. The finance company is uninterested in who currently possesses or operates the vehicle. As long as there is an unsettled balance on the loan and your signature appears on the loan agreement, the responsibility falls on you. This is why co-signing a loan for another person frequently results in unpleasant consequences."}
{"1586": "\n\nI am currently looking to transfer my funds to my new UK bank account. Will taxes be deducted from the money I receive? Unfortunately, yes. Income is subject to taxation, but the matter may be more complex. I suggest contacting HMRC, speaking to an accountant, or consulting with the finance department of your employer for further guidance. \n\nMy family member typically sends us money every few months, and will continue to do so to this new bank account. Does tax apply in this situation as well? Please refer to the HMRC page on capital gains tax for gifts. You are exempt from paying capital gains tax if you give a gift to your husband, wife, or civil partner, as long as the following apply: it is helpful to keep a record of the asset\u2019s original cost, and your partner may require this information for calculating their capital gains tax upon selling the asset. For example, if Mr. B gifts his wife an antique table he purchased for \u00a312,000 in 2003, and his wife spends \u00a3500 in restoration, eventually selling the table for \u00a320,000 - her total cost will be \u00a312,500 (\u00a3500 restoration plus Mr. B\u2019s \u00a312,000 cost). Mrs. B\u2019s gain is then \u00a37,500 (\u00a320,000 minus \u00a312,500 in costs).\n\nIf you gift an asset to a family member or someone you are connected with, you must determine the gain or loss. This rule does not apply when gifting your spouse or civil partner. Additionally, this rule relates to disposing of an asset to them, such as selling it at a low price. A \u2018connected person\u2019 can be considered a brother, sister, child, parent, grandparent, mother-in-law, or business partner. Check the \u2018Capital Gains Tax and connected persons\u2019 link for more information.\n\nIt is essential to obtain an asset valuation at the time of the gift. This value should replace any amount received for the item to calculate gain or loss. If you made a gift of the asset, then you will have received nothing for it. If you suffer a loss, you may deduct the loss from profits made on gifts or other disposals to the same person."}
{"1587": "\n\nThe capital gains tax is an income tax charged on any profits made from the sale of investments. If you sell investments you have held for more than a year - known as long-term capital gains - the tax imposed will be significantly less than that for short-term gains. While there is no limit to the number of shares you can sell, it is discouraged to sell them too soon after buying them. It is possible to offset losses against gains to reduce the tax amount owed. Tax-advantaged investments, such as 401k plans, IRAs or similar options, can help with tax savings. However, it's important to note that in the United States, almost all investments - apart from primary residences - are subject to capital gains tax. (Note: some people might argue that a primary residence is not a true investment.)"}
{"1588": "\n\nThe statement that the US government credited Person B with a million USD is flawed. In reality, it was the receiving bank that credited the recipient, and the role of the government in the transaction is one of oversight. The transaction involves various intermediaries, each of which makes money off the transfer. The sending bank debits the sender's account, and the receiving bank credits the recipient's account. Domestic payments are typically handled by governmental or quasi-governmental agencies, while international payments are handled by correspondent banks. These banks adjust balances by crediting and debiting as necessary, and if there is an imbalance, they may need to sell one currency to buy another. However, overall, worldwide currency exchange is highly efficient. So, the notion that the digits representing the transferred money are intangible and lack value is incorrect - they represent tangible value and have significant importance in economic transactions."}
{"1589": "\n\nYou claim that one property belongs to you and your relative 65% and 35% respectively. However, it is important to take into account how much of the properties you both actually own, especially if you have co-signed mortgages. This can reduce your equity and your overall take if the properties were to be sold. Even if the 35% property is less valuable, it may have more equity if it was bought first. Ultimately, it is the equity that matters, not the value of the property.\n\nIf you want to refinance, keep in mind that the bank is more of an owner until most of the loan is paid off. A co-signed mortgage is easier for them to collect as they can hold both parties accountable for the entire loan. If you do decide to sell, consider using the equity from the 65% property to pay off any mortgages and buy out your relative's share of the 35% property. Alternatively, you may choose to diversify the payout into investments such as stocks and bonds.\n\nIf you have no mortgage, you may seek a mortgage for the property. Although this may reduce your short term profits, it is survivable if you have other income. If not, consider selling the 65% property and diversifying the payout as mentioned earlier. You may also want to seek a loan from your relative and draft a contract to act as collateral.\n\nKeep in mind that the right solution may not necessarily be the most financially feasible one. If you discover that the issue is more about different approaches to property management, then giving you sole decision-making power may not be the solution. It is important to keep an open mind and explore other solutions."}
{"1590": "\n\nPacific Rubiales does provide financial reports on their website, including the example you have listed. However, it is possible that some data may not be easily imported into Yahoo! Finance's format, which could explain why some information may be missing. Additionally, for some companies, such as spin-offs of existing companies, they may not have been around long enough to report certain financial data."}
{"1591": "\n\nTypically, the large institution that introduces the stock to the market will offer it to potential buyers. The initial public offering (IPO) company does not directly sell the stock; instead, a major investment bank handles the sale on their behalf. Following the IPO, shareholders and employees are typically prohibited from selling their shares for a period of time. Eventually, however, their shares will become available for sale, leading to a flurry of selling activity."}
{"1592": "\n\nPlease refer to the following link for an answer to the same questions I had: http://www.independent-stock-investing.com/PE-Ratio.html. This site provides a clear explanation with the help of an example."}
{"1593": "\n\nWe understand that you may have a question on day trading, but it seems that you have already found the answer yourself. To summarize, we recommend avoiding day trading altogether and instead, holding on to a smaller number of well-picked stocks for a longer duration. This strategy helps in minimizing the number of transactions and taxes associated with it. However, if you still wish to indulge in day trading, be prepared for higher fees, short-term gains taxes, and maintaining a substantial balance in your margin account. We also suggest reading the thread \"My account's been labeled as \"day trader\" and I got a big margin call. What should I do? What trades can I place in the blocked period?\" for further information."}
{"1594": "\n\nYour current shares held in an ISA account will not affect your future ISA allowances. Only when you make new cash deposits into an ISA account will your allowance be used up. Therefore, you may choose to retain your current shares in their current ISA account and open new ISA accounts for future contributions that align with your current financial goals."}
{"1595": "\n\nI rely on 10-K and 10-Q reports to examine disclosed risk factors associated with a business. Although some of the risks may come across as amusing, when they manifest, it becomes apparent how they affect the organization. For instance, one microlending company's risk disclosure indicated a potential difficulty if Elizabeth Warren became head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Therefore, to mitigate potential risks, they resorted to expanding across Mexico and adhering to politically sensitive lending practices.\n\nI also analyze the number of authorized shares and the issuance plans. For instance, I investigated a company where former employees revealed how gullible their colleagues were and their misguided expectations. Consequently, I delved into their SEC filings and discovered a reverse split plan that would drive share prices higher. However, they were only altering the already issued shares while maintaining the authorized shares at a more significant amount \u2014 this allowed them to issue more shares for financing. I was shocked that no one had noticed this, and I even considered borrowing shares from their employees to short the stock.\n\nI am also keen on understanding the amount of debt and its structure, such as impending payments to loan sharks. These are the primary motives for my interest in these reports. Despite containing a wealth of information, many companies abuse the system due to lack of scrutiny."}
{"1596": "\n\nThe bank requires you to submit a Profit and Loss (P&L) statement because as an independent contractor, you are essentially operating your own business. This is a technical requirement, and all you have to do is identify any job-related expenses that you paid out of pocket while working. Prepare a list of these expenses, including costs for materials, gas, legal fees, and so on. Then calculate your total income for the contract and subtract these expenses to determine your overall profit or loss. This is what you will present as your P&L statement. \n\nIt is possible that you did not incur any expenses for this contract work, and if that is the case, simply include your income, note that there were no expenses, and indicate your total profit or pay at the bottom of the P&L statement. With that, you are done! Best of luck with the closing."}
{"1597": "\n\nIs there any legally viable solution for you? Unfortunately not. Citi is not obligated to refinance your loan according to your terms. However, this also means that you are not obligated to refinance with Citi. It's advisable to obtain quotes from other lenders. It'll be a gratifying experience when you discover a lender who is eager for your business. You could also receive a better deal. Furthermore, imagine the satisfaction of severing ties with Citi!"}
{"1598": "\n\nTo obtain historical data on delisted companies, you will need to access a paid source. Based on my records, Lawson Software Inc was listed on NASDAQ on December 7, 2001, but was delisted on July 6, 2011. The final traded price for its shares was $11.23 before being acquired by Infor, who paid $11.25 per share. You can find more information on this through Symbol LWSN-201107, which is included in the US delisted stocks historical data set available on http://www.premiumdata.net/products/premiumdata/ushistorical.php. Please note that I am a co-owner of Norgate / Premium Data."}
{"1599": "\n\nBoth terms refer to profit, but they have different methods of calculation. Firstly, the definition of capitalization rate is incorrect. As explained here, it should be: On the other hand, as explained here: Cap rate compares two investments by using a reverse unit cost approach. For example, if House A costs $1M and generates a yearly profit of $50K, while House B costs $1.33M and generates a yearly profit of $65K, you can compute the cap rates to determine that House A is a more efficient investment based on income vs. the amount invested. Unlike cap rate, profit margin primarily considers ongoing expenses rather than the total investment. If the cost of maintaining Property B is lower than that of Property A, you could have a scenario like: Thus, Property B is a more efficient investment based on the fraction of revenue you preserve annually. Factoring in the property's value as an opportunity cost could lead to a more comprehensive net profit margin calculation that accounts for all aspects of the investment. Accountants and economists handle such calculations routinely. :-)"}
{"1600": "\n\nWhy not consider registering as a foreign entity in New Mexico while leaving everything else as is? It is important to note that the gross receipts tax cannot be avoided, but if there are no additional taxes to be paid in Illinois, it might be worth staying there."}
{"1601": "\n\nWhile it is uncommon, it is plausible for expenses to exceed your income. The IRS, in publication 529, provides information about deducting unreimbursed employee expenses. To qualify for a deduction, the following conditions must be met: the expenses must have been paid or incurred during the tax year, relate to your trade or business as an employee, and be deemed ordinary and necessary. An expense is ordinary if it is customary and widely accepted in your line of work, while an expense is necessary if it is fitting and advantageous for your business, even if not required. In addition to various other examples, a few large potential deductions include damages paid for breaching an employment contract, job search expenses, legal fees regarding your job, rural mail carrier vehicle expenses, tools and supplies needed in your work, and work-related education. However, if any of these expenses are notably substantial, it's necessary to document them thoroughly because the IRS may flag the return and request additional evidence."}
{"1602": "\n\nIn this current environment, purchasing a broad emerging market fund may not be advisable due to its broad nature. The top 10 holdings of the fund have exposure in a variety of sectors, including oil-driven Russia and Brazil, Chinese and Latin American banks, and Asian electronics manufacturing. These sectors are unstable and possess no correlation, making it a recipe for potential trouble unless the global economy is expected to significantly improve. Instead, it would be best to concentrate on the sectors you're interested in, such as oil or electronics, through a low-cost investment option like an index ETF or an actively managed emerging markets fund with understandable tactics. It's crucial to comprehend what you're investing, so don't invest unless you do. Purchasing an index fund is merely separating companies by market cap, but what does market cap mean when investing in a Chinese bank?"}
{"1603": "\n\nIt is important to ensure that your Purchase and Sale agreement contains a financing contingency clause to avoid the risk of losing your money. Your agent is not doing you any favors if this clause is omitted. Please note that the official standard clause may vary depending on your state. The typical procedure is to obtain prequalification and submit an offer once the probability of approval is high. After your offer is accepted, the financing contingency clause is included in the purchase and sale process."}
{"1604": "\n\nRevised: To expand on @keshlam's response, a stock's price comprises several elements, with only the book value on the day that the accounts are prepared being somewhat accurately known. Even cash flows that are completed after the books are prepared may contain uncertainties, as they may be reversed if the stock is returned or reduced by unforeseen expenses. Projecting future cash flows is based on, among other things, anticipated sales for all time. However, even projected future cash flows are subject to risks, as customers may not pay or suppliers may go into liquidation and change their invoicing strategies. Estimating the risk of future cash flows is subjective and depends on the analyst's assessment of the future global economic state. Investors can choose to invest in a risk-free instrument, usually represented by the 10-year U.S. Treasury bond, that guarantees a return. However, if they invest in a riskier asset, they must get paid a premium over the risk-free rate to compensate for the additional risk. Determining this premium is subjective and varies significantly based on individual assessments of risks. As none of the factors that influence share price are accurately quantifiable and many are subjective, there is no objectively right share price, particularly during the time of an IPO. Investors can assess these values differently and value shares differently, which can drive share prices to an uncertain level. In response to a question regarding whether there is sufficient information available to determine the share price when a company acquires another company before an IPO, dividing the price paid by the relative ownership structures offers an approximation of the value of the company at a given time. However, it cannot adequately represent the market price as other investors may value the firm differently based on their unique assessments of the above criteria, which will determine share prices."}
{"1605": "\n\nCryptocurrencies are relatively new assets, and specific guidance for various situations is scarce. However, in 2014, the IRS published Notice 2014-21, which provided general treatment for virtual currency. Essentially, virtual currency is considered property for federal tax purposes, and property transaction tax principles apply to virtual currency transactions. While the IRS considers business and selling of cryptoproperty on a case-by-case basis, the amounts involved are often small, so it's advisable to read through IRS publications carefully, make reasonable assumptions, and document tax preparations clearly. If in doubt, choosing an option with higher taxes may prevent objections from the IRS.\n\nNevertheless, this is not legal or tax advice, and it's wise to contact qualified professionals for personalized advice. You may seek guidance from a local IRS office or the contact numbers listed at the end of Notice 2014-21. Keep in mind, however, even if you receive guidance from the IRS or other professionals, an auditor may interpret things differently when reviewing your return later."}
{"1606": "\n\nWhile I lack practical experience in this area, I would like to present my academic understanding of business pricing. The liquidation value indicates the lowest amount a seller would accept. For example, in the case of a B&B, this value would be the total worth of the land, property, furnishings, accounts, and any additional assets that can currently be sold, minus any relevant liabilities. The seller's preference is likely to be a multiple of the annual earnings of the business, often determined through a discounted cash flow analysis, which involves calculating the EBITDA (earnings before interest, depreciation, taxation, and amortization) generated by the company. This figure can then be projected forwards into perpetuity, discounted by the going interest rate, or by utilizing an industry multiplier. As an illustration, if the predicted annual earnings of the business are $100,000, growing at a rate of 5%, and considering the prevailing interest rate of 8%, using a growing perpetuity formula would result in a total value of $2,000,000. However, utilizing a multiple of the EBIDTA is a more common method, and the EBIDTA multiplier for the respective industry can be found through research. For example, the 2011 EBIDTA multiplier for the hospitality sector was 13.8. Therefore, the worth of the B&B in question would be approximately $1,380,000. An SME valuation tool is available online to estimate the value of the business based on the EBIDTA multiple. Furthermore, it is worth noting that various small businesses use the Seller Discretionary Earnings (SDE) instead of EBIDTA; both serve comparable functions. To determine the value of the enterprise, a prospective purchaser should examine the financial statements of the company from the previous several years and then engage with the owner in negotiations on pricing. Enlisting the assistance of a broker is recommended for such transactions."}
{"1607": "\n\nIn general, an accountant would be needed to handle the situation. However, for someone who values their privacy or is unorganized, a forensic accountant is necessary. Without a will, the involvement of a lawyer will also be necessary to gain access to all discovered accounts. It is advisable to begin with an estate attorney who can then hire a forensic accountant to track down the accounts."}
{"1608": "\n\nAs far as I understand, financial advisers can be divided into two categories. Some are free to recommend any financial products that they consider appropriate, while others are limited in their recommendations. Most advisers who work for finance companies belong to the latter category and can only offer products that their company sells. Ideally, they should disclose upfront if they fall into the second category, and if asked, they should definitely reveal that they are restricted in their offerings. Therefore, your Scotiabank adviser may not necessarily make poor choices for you, but their options are limited, and they won't disclose if there are better products outside of Scotiabank. The term \"management fees\" typically refers to the fees you pay to the fund managers and not to the person who sells the funds. You can compare the performance and fees of the funds in which you are invested. Another way an adviser may try to exploit you for money is by making frequent and unnecessary changes to your investments, but this is not necessarily exclusive to bank-employed advisers. If you suspect this behavior, ask probing questions and consider changing advisers if you are not satisfied."}
{"1609": "\n\nInvesting in a fund tied to the real estate market is a viable option for entering the industry. One such fund is the Real Estate Investment Trust, which reflects the value of properties in the areas where the fund invests its money. This method of investing differs significantly from traditional real estate investing in a few important ways, including:"}
{"1610": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThere are several advantages of investing in a Gold IRA, regardless of where it's held. However, it's important to consider the potential drawbacks. Alternatively, you could consider investing in trust funds such as SLV (an ETF for silver) or GLD within your regular brokerage IRA. These funds allow for negotiation of storage prices, are relatively liquid, and also offer protection from the risks associated with owning physical metal. Additionally, investing in trust funds provides the opportunity to invest in the market prices of precious metals."}
{"1611": "\n\nHere is another ETF option that I like - the iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Markets Bond (EMB). It offers exposure to the global market."}
{"1612": "\n\nLet's say you purchase a bond issued by StateX for $18 today. If tomorrow, the news reports that StateX may default, the value of the bond will plummet. You and others who have invested in the same bond will likely try to sell it immediately. However, a potential buyer may only be willing to pay a few dollars for it, lowering its value to around $2. It's important to note that bond prices fluctuate similarly to stocks, but with less volatility. Despite being a zero-coupon bond, it will give you a similar return to one with coupons, only with a lump sum payout at expiration. \n\nIf the FED decides to raise interest rates, a similar situation can occur. Suppose you purchase a bond from the US treasury for $50, which promises to reward you 2% per year for 10 years. If tomorrow, the FED announces an interest rate hike, and the new bond issues are offering 4%, your bond's value will drop significantly. Although you can hold onto your bond and wait for its expiration, if you decide to sell it, you'll discover that buyers won't be willing to pay $50 for it anymore. Instead, they can purchase the same type of bond with a 4% return, so they'll be willing to pay at most $40, if not less."}
{"1613": "\n\nRevised: \n\nShort answer: Any financial planning that spans for more than 10 years, such as mortgage and retirement planning.\n\nLong answer: Inflation doesn't have much effect in short time frames as daily expenses can fluctuate. However, over the long term, inflation can significantly impact finances. Although annual inflation rates are typically small (2-4%), unexpected expenses can have a more substantial effect (5-10%). Nevertheless, even these expenses will have a comparatively minor impact (5-10%) over ten years when compared to the impact of compounded inflation (30-40%). Planning for retirement is where inflation becomes critical, and it's best to start planning as early as possible. When making long-term projections, it is necessary to consider both the expected nominal investment return (e.g., 7%) and subtract the expected inflation rate (e.g., 3%) or add inflation to your projected spending. When projecting income over ten years, you can estimate the annual raises using the inflation rate. Before age 30, people tend to receive raises that exceed inflation, but after that, they tend to track inflation. When purchasing a home, calculating the total cost of a 30-year mortgage requires taking inflation into account, along with interest, maintenance, insurance, and closing costs. While inflation can also impact rent and income, it's essential to research specific market rates instead of relying only on average inflation rates to determine your personal rate of inflation. While rent and wages tend to increase in line with inflation over the long term, paying attention to market rates can be profitable in the short term. Over 10-20 years, your actual rate of inflation should be reasonably close to the average rate when considering all of your significant expenses, including housing, food, energy, clothing, etc."}
{"1614": "\n\nAlthough not always the case, it is often true that banks may be willing to offer discounts for their offerings. However, there are instances where they may hold out for the full price. Nevertheless, if you are seeking a discounted deal, exploring banking options is a good starting point."}
{"1615": "\n\nOne way to invest in your child's college education is through purchasing an investment property and renting it out. While this may seem unconventional with the current state of the real estate market, it can be a smart move. By researching the demand for rental properties in your area and following the real estate market for at least six months, you can gain valuable insight before jumping into any investments. Additionally, it's important to carefully manage your property and find good tenants until your child is ready for college. By the time your child is college-ready, you may have paid off the property with rental income and can sell it to finance their education."}
{"1616": "\n\nI believe that there is no universal answer that applies to this question for all goods. The response depends on the way related businesses operate, your understanding of the actual value of the product, and other factors. For example, your car scenario presents various options; some dealers may buy it as a single transaction, while others may sell it or do a simultaneous sell with a trade-in. On the other hand, my experience with a hot tub was different; I could not locate a dealer who would purchase my used tub, but I could find individuals who could offer a trade-in. Therefore, the available choices for a car and a hot tub are vastly different. While some generic advice may apply, I concur with @keshlam's viewpoint in trying to avoid entrapment. However, I have a marginally dissimilar perspective. To secure the best possible deal, you must have a clear objective in mind and remain dedicated to reaching your target. If the dealer needs to \"move money around\" between the new car and trade-in, I am amenable to this option as long as I achieve my goals. Ideally, I want to handle both transactions simultaneously for simplicity. At the same time, I am flexible enough to take out the trade-in offer if it does not meet my requirements. Additionally, threatening to do so can impart valuable insights into the dealer's assessment of the value between the new car and trade-in since the price on the vehicle will likely modify in response to such a threat."}
{"1617": "\n\nUnder the \"OFX\" section, this page provides a link to the OFX 2.0 spec (pdf). The information you need starts on page 18, section 1.2.1. This section details how clients use the HTTP POST command to send a request to the URL of the financial institution they want to access. The URL should identify a Common Gateway Interface (CGI), or another process on the financial institution's server that can accept Open Financial Exchange requests and generate a response. The page includes relevant examples. Additionally, the first page linked above also contains Python scripts that can be used to download OFX data from your bank."}
{"1618": "\n\nAlthough these conditions are temporary, it should be noted that they provide opportunities for high-frequency traders (HFTs) to profit. Take, for example, the sell-off on 2/28/14 triggered by the crisis in Ukraine. Despite instances of bid liquidity exceeding ask liquidity, the price continued to plummet, illustrating how only HFTs can truly capitalize on such fleeting market conditions."}
{"1619": "\n\nAlthough I don't have concrete data to provide, I feel that my response is too extensive to leave in the comments section. Typically, a cash discount on a home purchase averages around 1-2%, all else being equal. However, various circumstances may justify a significantly greater discount, such as a seller in a hurry to close or a home that has been re-listed after a previous sale fell through. Moreover, an owner who overestimates the advantages of a cash offer might also offer a greater discount. Anecdotally, I know of a neighbor who accepted a cash offer 5% below asking, despite receiving multiple offers at the listed price. They opted for the discount to close faster (within 15 days) with no inspection clause. Conversely, I lost a property to a cash offer that also came in at 5% below asking. Despite my offer being above the listed price, I wasn't able to match the cash offer's short-closing period and lack of inspection contingency, resulting in a total cash discount exceeding 5%. While luxury properties may exhibit greater volatility, I don't think this alters the cash versus financed evaluation significantly. I would appreciate it if someone could provide a reliable source for more accurate data. Nonetheless, even with an average, we must keep in mind that it can only offer limited help."}
{"1620": "\n\nThere are two reasons why a company might consider a reverse split. First, it allows partial shares to be converted into cash and returned to investors. However, for institutional investors such as mutual or pension funds, the amount of cash returned may be small due to the merger of all investors' shares. Secondly, if the company needs to meet the minimum price level of the exchange, a reverse split may be necessary. Failure to do so may result in delisting. \n\nIf the goal is to reduce the number of investors, the company may choose to go private through deregistration of its equity securities. This may occur when there are less than 300 shareholders of record or less than 500 shareholders of record, and the company lacks significant assets. Depending on the circumstances, the company may no longer need to file periodic reports with the SEC once the number of shareholders of record falls below the thresholds. Going private can be achieved through various transactions."}
{"1621": "\n\nWhen you obtained your original HUD-backed mortgage, you had three payment options to choose from: monthly, annual or upfront. This plan exists to provide insurance for the mortgage lender in case of default, but it is not meant to cover your mortgage for 30 years. If you are in the early stages of your mortgage, you may be entitled to a refund for the unused coverage years. HUD has a Fact Sheet and webpage available to assist in determining if you are eligible for a refund. However, if you are refinancing to a new HUD/FHA mortgage, you will not receive a refund but instead, it will be rolled into your new loan. In FHA to FHA refinances, the refund from the previous premium may be applied towards the upfront premium of the new loan. It is important to note that the length of coverage and refund policies may vary depending on the year of your original loan. To determine whether you are due a refund or a rollover, we recommend using the webpage provided by HUD."}
{"1622": "\n\nRevised: To compare the opportunity cost of owning your current car versus leasing a new one, consider the following three options assuming a three-year lease. Option A is to keep your current car, which starts at a value of $10,000 and ends at a value of $7,000. Option B is to sell your current car and invest the proceeds, which starts at $10,000 and ends with $10,000 plus investment gains. Option C is to use the $10,000 from the sale of your car as a down payment for a new lease, which reduces finance charges but costs $10,000 upfront.\n\nTo determine the overall cost comparison, use Edmunds' True Cost to Own research to find the cost of ownership for your current car over the same term as the lease you're considering. This includes depreciation, fuel, insurance, maintenance, and repairs, as well as any remaining payments if you still owe money. On the lease side, consider taxes, fees, lease payments, fuel, and maintenance, assuming repairs will be covered under warranty. Factor in the cost to pay off your current car's loan if applicable. Subtract the expected investment gains from Option B from the lease cost. For Option C, add the $10,000 down payment to the lease cost.\n\nAnother factor to consider is that you'll be responsible for body damage to a leased car at the end of the lease, whereas you can choose to leave damage unrepaired on your own vehicle."}
{"1623": "\n\nA lot of dot-com companies that lacked strategies for generating actual profits ended up self-destructing. I used to work for VarsityOnline.com, which relied heavily on investment funds and never managed to turn a profit, despite having abundant opportunities to do so. People lost sight of the importance of common sense, good service, and quality products just because it wasn't a physical store. Looking back, we were quite uninformed at the time."}
{"1624": "\n\nThe aim is to incentivize banks to stop hoarding money and instead channel it back into the economy. Unlike the European Central Bank that directly invests in the economy, the US central bank (the Federal Reserve) purchases mortgage-backed securities. Although some European countries have attempted this approach individually in recent times, they have not achieved any discernible impact."}
{"1625": "\n\nSince you have income from business or profession, it is necessary for you to file your tax returns using Form ITR4S."}
{"1626": "\n\nIt is crucial to make timely payments; disregard anyone advising otherwise as they lack knowledge. Credit cards represent accounts that revolve, granting a grace period to make payments. The amount due must be paid by the statement date, and you have 20-40 days to complete the transaction. Ensuring prompt bill payments holds the utmost significance in securing a good credit score. Thus, remember to always pay on time."}
{"1627": "\n\nYou generally do not need to file a tax return if you have no net income or loss. However, in Illinois, corporations are required to file Form IL-1120 if they have net income or loss as defined by the IITA or if they are qualified to do business in the state and required to file a federal income tax return, regardless of their net income. It is important to keep up with filing fees and business licenses, and to pay these expenses personally rather than using business funds to avoid triggering the need for a tax return. If it is not necessary to maintain a corporation, it may be beneficial to shut it down until such time as it is needed. LLCs can be a good option for simplicity in certain cases compared to S-corporations. More information can be found at http://tax.illinois.gov/Businesses/TaxInformation/Income/corporate.htm."}
{"1628": "\n\nTo qualify for a legitimate merchant account, you must establish a company (even if it's only a sole proprietorship in the US) and obtain a physical or virtual terminal for your home or business. Nevertheless, services such as PayPal enable you to accept credit cards and display the charge as PayPal + your account name both online and with a card reader. Essentially, you gain the advantages of a merchant account without the need for it."}
{"1629": "\n\nI may receive negative feedback, but I hold the viewpoint that trying to be too clever with our finances often leads to self-sabotage. It is important to remember key principles about money management, such as having zero debt and a modest savings being more favorable than having ample savings and significant debt. Debt can harm you, even so-called \"good\" mortgage debt. Some acquaintances of mine have faced the challenge of relocating before settling their mortgages, resulting in the inability to sell their homes or loss in selling. Debt restricts you as someone else holds leverage over you. It is vital to pay off debts promptly (within reason) while putting a modest sum into an account with high interest rates. Only after clearing your debts is it appropriate to proceed with diligent financial planning."}
{"1630": "\n\nGenerally, if you have a loan and use something as collateral, the lender will likely require you to insure the collateral. In this case, if you used a car as collateral, the lender would require you to insure that car - whether it's a Toyota or not. However, if you purchase a vehicle for cash (which is recommended), the insurance option becomes somewhat yours. Some states require a minimum amount of coverage on a registered vehicle, but you may be able to drop collision, rental car and other options to save money.\n\nNow imagine you buy a new car for $25,000 and store it away. What happens if the car suffers damage while in storage? Are you willing to risk the loss of a valuable asset for the sake of saving a few dollars? You will have to insure the car in some way, and if you purchase the proper policy, the amount saved will likely be minimal. You can consider dropping road-side assistance, rental car and some other options during storage, but that probably won't amount to significant savings."}
{"1631": "\n\nIt is highly probable that Mitsubishi's current low prices are due to the fuel scandal, which revealed that the company has been providing false fuel efficiency data for decades. This scandal may cause Mitsubishi to face significant penalties and lose consumer trust, leading to a decrease in sales. The fact that Nissan is acquiring a controlling stake in Mitsubishi is also significant news for the company, with the stock price reflecting how investors perceive the severity of these issues. While the stock may recover in the next few years, the future of the company remains uncertain, and it is possible that it may never fully recover. Currently, the low prices may appear to be a bargain, but the risks must also be considered."}
{"1632": "\n\nI suggest reviewing your pay stub or pay statement, which should be provided by your employer with each payment. This document displays your gross income, both for the pay period and year-to-date (YTD), as well as any deductions and how your final payment is calculated. In my own case, there are nine deductions including life and accident insurances, a Child Care flexible spending account, legal and pet insurances, and long-term disability coverage. While some of these deductions may be under your control through benefit election or contribution choices, others are fixed. Regardless, it's helpful to review your pay statement periodically to gain a better understanding of your earnings and deductions."}
{"1633": "\n\nRevised:\n\nAccording to the chart pattern, a stock typically breaks its 52-week high. However, this information may vary for penny stocks, small caps, and mid-cap stocks."}
{"1634": "\n\nAm I eligible for tax exemption? If so, which section applies? Personal loans are generally not eligible for tax exemption, but housing loans from qualified institutions do qualify for tax deduction. According to the income tax act, the house should be in your name, and home loans taken from recognised institutions are fully qualified under section 24B and 80C. This means that you can claim interest exemptions under 24B and principal repayment under 80C. The act also specifies that loans can be taken from friends/relatives for property construction and would be eligible for interest exemption under 24B only, while the principal would not be eligible for exemption under 80C. Please refer to the FAQ on the Income Tax India website. A certificate must indicate the amount of interest paid on the loan, and records/receipts must show how the money was spent. There is a difference of opinion among CAs, so it is recommended that you seek professional advice."}
{"1635": "\n\nInvestopedia's note highlights the importance of considering the contrapositive point when analyzing the impact of interest rates on the economy. While the media often focuses on interest rates, their effects are complex and varied. When interest rates rise, the overall effect is a reduction in the amount of money circulating in the economy, which helps to control inflation. This increase in borrowing costs affects both consumers and businesses, leading to higher expenses and lower earnings for companies with debt. Additionally, higher interest rates may make the stock market less attractive to investors. However, it's important to consider other factors that could influence the stock market and other investments when analyzing their relationship to the Federal Funds rate. For example, there are many different stock indices to consider, as well as alternative investments such as real estate, precious metals, and collectibles. Therefore, it's difficult to establish a direct correlation between the Federal Funds rate and stock market returns without taking into account other economic influences."}
{"1636": "\n\nA lien is a measure used to prevent the legal transfer of title of a vehicle, real estate, or in some cases, expensive business equipment. Title companies exist to ensure that there are no liens against a property before a buyer makes payment to the seller. Liens can be attached to loans, unsettled labor related to an item (such as a mechanic's lien), unpaid taxes, and other scenarios. If there is a lien against a vehicle, its seller does not possess a clear title, and this poses a risk to the buyer. Even if a buyer pays the seller to cover the lien (in the event of a bank loan), there is no guarantee that the seller will pay off the debt, thus the title remains unclear. This article suggests that visiting the bank with the seller to obtain the title on-the-spot is the best approach, but this is not always possible as a local branch may not have the necessary documentation readily available. However, the seller may be able to make arrangements for a local branch to have the title available before a visit to pay off the loan. The safest approach is for the seller to ensure there are no liens against the property before exchanging funds."}
{"1637": "\n\nOn a site like the one you linked to on Yahoo, the dividend quoted shows what an investor owning one share received from the company. While some dividend quotes are adjusted, this is not the case for most dividends since they are taxed as ordinary income, bringing about different tax rates for different individuals. Hence, the quotes simply reflect what the investor would receive for simplicity's sake, and it is the investor's responsibility to calculate and pay their own taxes. According to the IRS, ordinary dividends are the most common type of distribution from a corporation or mutual fund, paid out of earnings and profits as ordinary income, not capital gains. Unless stated otherwise, any dividend received on common or preferred stock is assumed to be an ordinary dividend. Ordinary dividends are usually shown in box 1a of the Form 1099-DIV that you receive. \n\nHowever, the dividend number shown on a normal stock quote on Yahoo or Google Finance is adjusted. For instance, if a company pays out quarterly dividends, the number shown will be the most recent quarterly dividend multiplied by four. To determine the actual payment an investor would receive, they would need to divide the current dividend by four quarters. For example, for GE's current $0.76 dividend, an investor would receive $0.19 for each share of stock they owned in GE."}
{"1638": "\n\nRevised: This response pertains to US tax only. The bank account you use has no bearing on your tax obligations. If you are not a US citizen or resident, but earn income from a US employer or client, that income is generally not subject to US tax (regardless of where you bank the funds). However, there are exceptions to this rule, particularly if you are considered to be conducting a 'trade or business' in the US, or if US real estate is involved. For further information, please refer to the IRS website's section on nonresident aliens, and consult Publication 519 if you have time. Unfortunately, I am unable to provide information on Argentinian taxes. Whether or not you can find a US bank willing to open and maintain an account for a foreigner is a separate question, and has already been addressed elsewhere. Please refer to relevant topics regarding B1/B2 visas and work restrictions on forums such as travel.SX or expatriates.SX.  https://travel.stackexchange.com/questions/25416/work-as-freelancer-while-tourist-in-us-for-an-already-existing-us-client  may provide useful insights."}
{"1639": "\n\nI believe you may be misinterpreting their suggested figures. Their recommendation does not entail owning 13-21 credit cards, rather it suggests that your score could increase by 13-21 points if you possess a substantial number of credit cards and loans. The exact formula for calculating your credit score remains unknown, making it difficult to provide a precise answer. Nonetheless, I strongly advise against applying for 22 or more credit cards in order to hike up this portion of your score."}
{"1640": "\n\nWhen deciding what type of company to form, it is important to consider several factors. Instead of automatically opting for an S-Corporation, it would be wise to research and explore other options such as Limited Liability Companies (LLCs), Limited Partnerships (LPs), or Professional Companies (PCs). Littleadv's assessment of the limited benefits of forming an S-Corp with only two shareholders is accurate. The potential costs associated with forming any type of corporation, including an S-Corp, may outweigh the advantages gained from favorable tax treatment and personal liability protection. Such costs include filing fees and disclosure rules which vary depending on the state in which you operate. For instance, if you're a physician who operates in New Mexico with no employees except for an unpaid family member, forming a PC may be the best choice, while an S-Corp may be more appropriate for operations in a state without personal income taxes, such as Florida. Ultimately, deciding which entity formation is best requires seeking guidance from a qualified accountant who can provide informed counsel."}
{"1641": "\n\nAs a young person, use your spare time to launch a side business and invest in yourself. You have the luxury of being able to take risks and recover financially if things don't work out at first. Instead of letting your money sit idle in an account, put it towards developing your skills, forming an LLC and building up your capacity to make real returns. Strive to be a \"rainmaker\" - someone who generates income - rather than just a \"Roth taker\" - someone who passively saves certain types of funds."}
{"1642": "You are discussing modern portfolio theory, which seeks to maximize portfolio expected return for a given amount of portfolio risk or minimize risk for a given level of expected return by selecting various assets in carefully chosen proportions. Essentially, you can either pick a level of risk you are comfortable with and find the maximum return achievable without exceeding this risk level, or pick a level of expected return and minimize risk. It is not possible to maximize both simultaneously. For more complex portfolios, quadratic programming techniques are utilized, particularly with securities that cannot be held in fractional amounts and portfolios prohibiting short sales. The covariance matrix is often used to calculate the correlation table. However, although these methods are theoretically sound, putting them into practice can be challenging. It is difficult to come up with a realistic measure of risk levels that satisfies investors as it may depend on the direction of the returns. Furthermore, it is challenging to minimize other forms of risk, such as value at risk. Any actively managed fund that applies these methods will likely use more advanced approaches than the basic strategy typically discussed."}
{"1643": "\n\nAfter each period, add the interest amount, which is a simple 1%, and then subtract the payment. Since there are less than four months remaining to pay off the amount, the interest accrued is approximately $21. Rather than searching for credit card calculators, it is more practical to use a standard mortgage calculator since the calculation process is essentially the same. However, during the last month, the credit card may calculate the accrued interest differently. Using a financial calculator indicates a total of 3.407 payments or $1022.12 in total, which includes $22.12 in interest. This revised amount is slightly more than my initial estimate of $21."}
{"1644": "\n\nThese figures represent the yields of government bonds. In comparison to the UK (GBP zone), EuroZone interest rates are notably lower, by as much as ten times. Central banks are responsible for determining the rates."}
{"1645": "\n\nThe article on Money Market Funds on Wikipedia provides comprehensive information about the topic. One section discusses the concept of \"Breaking the Buck,\" which occurs when the fund fails to return its full dollar. These funds aim to minimize the small fluctuations that may arise in investing in short-term treasuries directly, but they still carry some risk over longer periods. Although some funds have experienced losses during market crashes, even the worst performers have returned 95 cents on the dollar. If you want an investment option with minimal fluctuation and similar low risk to short-term treasuries, then money-market funds are likely the best choice. However, it is essential to consider inflation, as money-market funds generally offer returns similar to or less than the inflation rate. Although these funds can help you avoid the fluctuations of the stock market, the value of your retirement account may fall behind the cost of goods over time. Unless you are close to retirement, most financial professionals suggest that only a small portion of your retirement account be allocated to money market instruments. Vanguard offers a range of target retirement investment funds that closely align with professional recommendations. Consulting a financial professional to discuss your specific needs is also a good option."}
{"1646": "\n\nThe definition of a representative stock list is straightforward: It comprises of stocks that are expected to yield similar results as the entire market. Such a list represents an investment in all those stocks. Investing in individual stocks is not practical. However, one can select a diverse range of representative stocks, as suggested in the article, or invest in an index fund, which is a convenient way to invest in all the stocks listed in the index."}
{"1647": "\n\nOn the NYSE, the listed security is not the equity itself, but rather an American Depositary Receipt (ADR). ADRs are negotiable certificates issued by a U.S. bank, representing a specified number of shares, or one share, in a foreign stock that is traded on a U.S. exchange. These certificates are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the underlying security held by a U.S. financial institution overseas, to reduce administration and duty costs that would otherwise be levied on each transaction. Although there are arbitrage opportunities, they are short-lived, and HFT firms and banks trade on them to eliminate the arbitrage."}
{"1648": "\n\nIt depends. The short answer is yes. For example, HSBC, based in New York, is listed on both the LSE and NYSE, and Toyota is listed on the TSE and NYSE. There are many ways for a company to do this, but both of the above examples involve a corporation owning a subsidiary with the same name as the holding company, which sells its own stock on the local market. The home corporation owns the majority holdings of the subsidiary and issues its own stock on its home country's exchange. \n\nIt is also possible for the same company to list shares of the same pool of stock on two different exchanges, usually in the corporation's home currency, with share prices that are near-identical. However, this is much rarer, and it's usually easier for tax liability and other cost purposes to keep American monies in America and Japanese monies in Japan by setting up two subsidiaries.\n\nThe shares of one issue of one company's stock, on one exchange, are the same price regardless of where in the world you place a buy order from. However, this doesn't necessarily mean you'll pay the same actual value of currency for the stock. First, you buy the stock in the listed currency, which means buying dollars (or Yen, Euros, or GBP) with a broker's fee and a fluctuating exchange rate between currencies. \n\nSecond, you'll pay the stock broker a commission, and they may charge different rates for different exchanges depending on the cost of doing business in each place. For example, the broker might need a trader on the floor at each exchange or contract with a foreign broker for a cut of the commission. It's important to consider these fees and commissions when investing in a foreign-listed stock."}
{"1649": "\n\nOne possible reason is the 100% margin requirement for long options. For instance, if I intend to go long on AAPL, I can either use a deep in-the-money call or purchase shares outright. Taking the latter approach would cost $12,700 for 100 shares, and based on its 25% margin requirement, I would be locking up around $3,200. However, if I buy a deep out-of-the-money Jan 2017 $70 strike put for $188 in addition, the margin requirement needed to enter the trade would be $3,400. Alternatively, I could opt for the Jan 2017 $70 strike call for roughly $5,800, but this would require a 100% margin due to its classification as a long call. In essence, a deep in-the-money call would require a 59% increase in margin compared to purchasing shares. Furthermore, stock shares offer the long-term benefit of dividend payments, unlike a LEAP CALL."}
{"1650": "\n\nRevised:\n\nFor the most part, personal financial advisors are not necessary for individuals. If you are beginning to work, it is advisable to concentrate on index funds for your discretionary investments, committed to over a lengthy period. In fact, my top piece of advice for anyone starting out would be to avoid financial advisors because most such advisors will only outline the information mentioned earlier but charge you for it. A financial advisor is not needed unless you have exceedingly complex taxes, which will not be the case for most young workers. Therefore, save your cash."}
{"1651": "\n\nConsider the credit card business model, which involves two primary sources of revenue: interest and fees charged to borrowers, and commissions and fees paid by merchants. To optimize profits, credit card companies must attract both large numbers of borrowers and merchants. In the past few decades, the credit card industry has flourished as formerly reluctant merchants, such as grocery stores, have begun accepting cards. However, when credit card companies offer cash advance services, they must factor in associated costs when pricing these services. Despite this, credit card providers have successfully leveraged cash advances into a profitable service offering that also benefits cardholders, who can rely on their credit line in times of need instead of carrying cash."}
{"1652": "\n\nBased on my understanding, it seems like you're asking about a technique that involves using a loan to combine several years' worth of gift allowance into a single upfront transfer. Over the next N years, the giver pays off the loan installments for the recipient, with the yearly amount being small enough to avoid triggering Gift Tax. However, it's important to note that income tax must still be paid on the interest received, despite the recipient using the money to pay you back. In addition, a minimum interest rate must be charged, or else you'll be taxed as if the loan was earning that minimum. This method was previously utilized primarily by wealthy individuals due to the high costs associated with legal fees, paperwork and bookkeeping. However, with the prevalence of the internet and the aftermath of the \"Great Recession,\" this method has become more widely known, with services that offer standardized paperwork, lawyer reviews, official mortgage liens, and payments processing services. However, it's important to run the numbers and research the specifics of the \"family loan\" technique, as it may not always be the best option. If in doubt, seek expert advice rather than relying on internet strangers for legal advice."}
{"1653": "\n\nTo my understanding, credit cards typically report three key pieces of information. The potential issue with your approach is that by preloading your card, you may not receive a bill and therefore your payments may not be reported to the provider. It may be more advisable to wait until you receive the bill and then pay it off in full, as this guarantees that your card usage will be accurately reported."}
{"1654": "\n\nBased on the section in Publication 15 regarding Collecting underwithheld taxes from employees, if an employer has not withheld income, social security or Medicare taxes, or has withheld an amount less than the correct amount, they can make it up by deducting it from future paychecks of the affected employee. However, the underpayment remains the responsibility of the employer, and any reimbursement in this regard is subject to settlement between the employer and the employee. It is important to note that if an employer has withheld an incorrect amount of FICA taxes from an employee, the employer is still responsible for paying those taxes to the government, not the employee. As an employee (and not self-employed), there is no direct way to pay FICA taxes to the government without involving the employer. Therefore, any underwithheld amount can be deducted from future paychecks or resolved by other means between the employer and the employee. It is the employer's responsibility to issue a corrected W-2 if they deduct the underpayment from an employee's future paychecks. However, they cannot issue a corrected W-2 if FICA taxes were not deducted from the employee's pay."}
{"1655": "\n\nThe rules for short selling may vary based on factors such as the investor's size, the broker, and the country. In both the United States and Canada, short sales are only possible through a margin account, and shares that are borrowed for shorting come exclusively from a margin account. Cash accounts do not provide access to shares for shorting. According to Wikipedia's definition of Short (finance), when a speculator instructs a broker to sell shares, the proceeds are credited to the broker's account with the firm, generating interest for the firm. The short seller typically does not earn interest on the short proceeds and cannot utilize or restrict them for another transaction. For precise information regarding your account, it is best to consult with your broker."}
{"1656": "\n\nIt also appears that this is permitted in certain international markets as reported by Business Insider at http://www.businessinsider.com/li-hejun-shorting-hanergy-2015-5."}
{"1657": "\n\nRevised: Scrip dividends and stock splits share similarities. While a stock split may double the number of shares, turning 100 into 200, a scrip dividend may result in a smaller increase, such as turning 100 shares into 105 shares."}
{"1658": "\n\nEach document posted by the IRS is accompanied by corresponding instruction pages, such as those for the 1099-B and the new Form 8949 in lieu of Schedule D. This article highlights the benefits of donating shares to switch the cost basis to FMV, but if this option was not taken, it is advisable to contact the purchasing company directly. As a shareholder who bought the shares from the source, the accounting team would have recorded the date and price of purchase. Although identifying yourself might require some effort, clear accounting records should aid in the process. At minimum, one may claim a 100% capital gain for the entire sale and pay the applicable taxes, as detailed here."}
{"1659": "\n\nThe text can be revised as follows:\n\nSIPC insurance for cash is comparable to FDIC insurance in that it provides protection against fraud only, not against losses. Ordinarily, your cash is safeguarded in a trust account that is separate from the brokerage's funds. Consequently, in the event of bankruptcy, your cash would remain safe unless fraud had occurred."}
{"1660": "\n\nAfter bondholders rejected the emergency manager's plan, which would have paid them very little, the city is now attempting to discharge its debt. If they succeed in court, investors will likely see their bonds become worthless. If they restructure the debt, bondholders might have to accept significant concessions. The limited market for these bonds could also slow any immediate reflection of this restructuring in bond prices. Buying now would be a bet against bankruptcy and the city's long-term obligations being discharged. President Obama is monitoring the situation, and it is unlikely the federal government will do nothing. Averting job losses is likely to be an issue. State aid will probably be limited, considering Michigan's struggling economy. Comparing Detroit to Orange County, where malfeasance caused bankruptcy, the issue here is a much larger structural problem stemming from the city's declining economy and tax base. The key question is whether the federal government will act in response to Detroit's bankruptcy, which could be seen as an embarrassment or failure on a large scale."}
{"1661": "\n\nThe most cost-effective method of trading on an exchange is by directly trading on the exchange. While I am not sure about the policies of the LSE, in the US, a firewall exists between the exchange and the individual, which is the broker. As a result, one would need to establish a business and become a broker to trade directly through the exchange. If this approach appears to be too expensive, the next best option after this is to find a broker or trading platform that allows individuals to trade with the lowest commissions."}
{"1662": "\n\nA loan generally falls under liabilities in the balance sheet, while expenses and income are part of the income statement. Income is the difference between revenues and expenses. Interest is an expense that appears on the income statement, but the loan itself is not reflected there unless it is forgiven or defaulted. In such cases, it becomes a revenue or contra-expense based on the methodology followed. The purpose of the income statement is to demonstrate net inflows of short-term operational accruals that exclude new borrowing and repaid loans. The cash flow statement offers a clearer depiction of individual cash events like borrowing debt, repaying debt, and bill payments. Although loans cannot be directly associated with bill payments as entities are akin to a single tank filled by multiple inflows and outflows, the cash flow statement shows a cash inflow when booking the new loan under financing and a cash outflow when recording bill payments under operating. With these two transactions, assuming an otherwise empty balance sheet, one could infer that the loan funded the bill payment."}
{"1663": "\n\nI believe the link you need to access the IRS document is http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2010_publink100010601. The answers you are looking for should be found there."}
{"1664": "\n\nRevised: Certain ADRs have standard options listed and traded on US exchanges. In such cases, you can easily find the put option through most brokerages that deal with stock options and trade it like a regular stock. However, if your ADR does not have standardized options, your options will depend on where it trades. If it is traded on an over-the-counter (OTC) exchange, shorting it may not be possible. On the other hand, if it is traded on a major exchange, shorting the ADR may be a viable option."}
{"1665": "\n\nRevised: While there may be several reasons to own a home, using real estate as an investment is not an advisable move. In fact, it could be considered one of the worst investment options available. Suppose we were to discuss investments over coffee or wine. In that case, it's easy to imagine proposing the idea of identifying the worst possible investment opportunity, and real estate would likely make the top of that list. This proposition remains true even with the current market showing signs of increased activity since it is still reeling from the last bubble that never fully popped. The idea of investing in property is especially unfavorable right now and is likely to remain so for several decades to come. Unlike the early 2000s when demand for houses was high due to the Baby Boom generation buying property, the scenario is unlikely to repeat itself anytime soon. This lack of demand results in oversupply and weak market demand. Any individual buying property as an investment, especially at this time, is advised against it."}
{"1666": "\n\nI advise against trading directly in commodities futures and options unless you are ready to invest time in learning about futures markets and trading. Without adequate understanding, it could result in pitfalls and financial losses, as I have personally experienced. Instead, consider looking at stock-exchange listed products for added portfolio diversification. However, exercise caution and thoroughly understand what you are investing in. Several commodity-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are readily available on major North American stock exchanges. If you have low-cost access to US markets, this could be a viable option, but be mindful of currency conversion costs. ETF Securities, a European-based company headquartered in Jersey, Channel Islands, also offers numerous ETFs on European exchanges like London and Frankfurt. They began with a gold commodity exchange-traded fund in 2003. Additionally, the London Stock Exchange provides a comprehensive FAQ section on ETCs that includes a specific mention of \"ETF Securities.\" The FAQ addresses regulations, investment safety measures, and other concerns. Nevertheless, conduct your own due diligence to make informed investment decisions."}
{"1667": "\n\nI respectfully hold a contrasting viewpoint to the previous respondents. In technical analysis of stock charts, both short and long term moving averages are utilized to indicate the stock's trend in comparison to its current price. The term \"moving average\" (MA) is preferable to simply using \"average\" since MAs recalculate daily or at appropriate frequencies depending on the data period. It is worth elaborating on the term \"moving average\" as there are commonly two types utilized. \n\nTo address the initial question, the value of this number is significant. For instance, if the present price exceeds both the 200-day EWMA and the 30-day EWMA, then the stock is generally trending upwards. However, if the present price is lower than both the 200-day EWMA and 30-day EWMA, then the stock is generally trending downwards. These numbers are chosen based on the market being traded, its volatility, and other relevant factors. For an example of how several moving averages are used in conjunction, consider reading about Daryl Guppy's Multiple Moving Averages, although larger MAs are not employed in this method."}
{"1668": "Chris, here's an interesting arbitrage question with a unique twist: you cannot approach it objectively when considering where you want to live. For example, instead of Texas, why not consider living in SoCal? Although it may be expensive, when you factor in the great weather, it could be a better option. This is a personal topic that I will be focusing on in the near future as well.\n\nThe challenge with estimating the price of a house is that it's negotiable and there is no sticker price. However, you can gather publicly available information that websites aggregate such as http://www.city-data.com/. Additionally, some heuristics such as rent being at least as expensive as a monthly mortgage, taxes, HOA fees, etc., can help. However, there are always hidden costs of homeownership that you may not be aware of, such as appliance repairs or replacements. To gauge rental costs, check out http://www.rentometer.com/.\n\nIt's important to note that houses in areas with higher median incomes will generally cost more. Websites such as http://www.city-data.com/ can provide this information. Additionally, the better the weather, the more expensive it usually is. The article you linked mentions the high ratio of homes in California, which could be due to its great weather.\n\nOverall, there is a lot of information that needs to be gathered from multiple sources when considering arbitrage, and there's no guarantee that you will come out on top. Additionally, while in the research phase, it's important to invest your potential savings in instruments that can earn you more than you would have saved in a mortgage. If you have any feedback or would like to refine your question, feel free to comment or edit."}
{"1669": "\n\nTo start with, your filing status is important. If you and your spouse are legally married, you should be filing your taxes as married, either jointly or separately. In the United States, the term \"head of household\" has a specific definition and is reserved for unmarried individuals who are financially supporting one or more relatives, according to the IRS. If you are employed full-time while your spouse is not, it's likely that you'll file a joint return, which should include all of your combined income and any expenses related to your wife's business. As a result, losses incurred by your wife's business can offset your income. Depending on the complexity of your taxes, you might consider hiring a professional to assist you. The rules surrounding which expenses can be deducted as business expenses can be confusing."}
{"1670": "\n\nEssentially, a 401(k) offers a \"structured withdrawal and repayment agreement\", commonly referred to as a loan, that allows you to access your funds without incurring a 10% penalty or taxes. This loan can provide up to half of your current savings, with a maximum limit of $50k, minus any outstanding loan balances. However, regular payments must be made, and there is an interest rate attached. While the interest goes towards your account, there are restrictions, and you must keep your employment for which you are contributing to the 401(k). If you are no longer employed, the loan balance must usually be repaid within 60 days, or be considered a \"withdrawal\". However, Roth accounts work differently. With Roth accounts, contributions are post-tax, meaning there are no penalties or additional taxes when cashing out. Therefore, if you need cash for unforeseen expenses, it may be better to cash out some of the principal from a Roth account and then make disciplined contributions to replenish it."}
{"1671": "\n\nI strongly advise against this option. The potential risk is that the seller may take your money and not fully pay off their lien on the car. This could happen if they run into financial difficulties, even if they have no ill intentions. They may end up using your money to pay off other debts, leaving you at risk of losing both your money and the car. It is unclear if the agreement is for a lump sum payment or installment payments, but in either case, if the lien is not cleared, the bank has the legal right to repossess the car, regardless of who is physically in possession of it. This leaves you in a difficult position. While you may have a legal claim against the seller, it may be difficult to recover your money in reality."}
{"1672": "\n\nThe prices of Facebook are driven up by an excessive hype and by investors and speculators who are not properly informed on the matter. This suggests that the company's prices are inflated. It should be noted that Facebook does not sell any tangible goods, which means that its prices can decrease just as rapidly as they have risen. The company generates most of its revenue from advertising and from a single product, which makes it highly reliant on users and trends (think of what happened to MySpace). Despite these concerns, the traditional valuation methods are still valid and should be taken into consideration."}
{"1673": "\n\nHow much money do you need to live comfortably in Cardiff? Well, it depends on your lifestyle and job requirements. If you're earning a salary in the high five-figures (~$88k), you shouldn't be struggling to make ends meet. However, with the cost of living in Cardiff being relatively high, it's important to contribute to savings and retirement, as money may be tight from month-to-month. According to Numbeo, 3-bedroom apartments in Cardiff cost between \u00a3750-\u00a3850 (~$1200-$1300), which is more expensive than most US markets.\n\nIf your job requires formal dress, you can expect to spend between $50-$75 on each quality dress shirt and pair of dress slacks. It's important to maintain a sufficient wardrobe, and in addition to business attire, you'll need casual outfits, shoes, socks, and undergarments. On average, replacing two outfits a year will cost around $600 (\u00a3400).\n\nEntertainment costs will depend on your interests, but a traditional American date night consisting of a movie and dinner for two can cost between $260-$420 (\u00a3165-\u00a3270) per month. Organized sports can be pricey, especially if you need specialized equipment. Groceries are cheaper in America, and a monthly budget for a family of three is typically around $300-$400 (\u00a3190-\u00a3260).\n\nBased on these factors, you could expect to spend around $335 (\u00a3215) per month on food alone. Alcohol is generally more expensive in the US, and we consume a lot of high-fructose corn syrup-based products that are taxed heavily in Europe. Still, it's safe to say that shopping for American tastes in the UK will cost you around 25-30% more than in the US.\n\nUltimately, the amount you need to live comfortably in Cardiff will depend on your job, lifestyle, interests, and budgeting habits."}
{"1674": "\n\nSeveral unsavory factors have contributed to the development of new derivatives:"}
{"1675": "\n\nThe impact of stocks crashing depends on the underlying cause. If it's due to a sudden increase in interest rates, bonds are also likely to be affected negatively. Conversely, if the reason for the crash is disappointing economic growth and earnings, interest rates may drop and benefit bonds."}
{"1676": "\n\nBrokerage firms must report the number of shares being shorted to the public via an exchange such as NYSE or NASDAQ. This information is available on most financial websites, such as Yahoo Finance, and can show that a significant portion of outstanding shares are being shorted, as seen with CMG where 3.29 million shares were being shorted, representing over 12% of its total outstanding shares on 9-28-2012.\n\nIf a brokerage is unable to borrow shares for delivery before the settlement date of a short sale, the transaction will be recorded as a fails-to-deliver. Large numbers of these transactions can indicate excessive naked shorting. Naked short selling occurs when investors and brokerage firms aggressively short a stock without borrowing shares beforehand. As a result, many fails-to-deliver transactions are recorded. The SEC tracks the number of fails-to-deliver transactions, with the table below summarizing data from 1-1-2012 through 9-14-2012, including the total dollar value of failed transactions and the percentage of shares that failed to deliver as a percentage of the total market volume. Most of the companies at the top of the list no longer exist, and they had multiple failed transactions indicating massive naked short selling, as many brokerages failed to find shares to borrow before the settlement date. More information is available at the given link."}
{"1677": "\n\nTo start with, it is advisable to contact your health plan administrator as soon as possible to understand how your plan interacts with Medicare. Since different plans may have different guidelines, any information we provide here may be tentative. There are a number of issues you may encounter while having both Medicare and a QHP. When you have dual primary coverage from Medicare and your QHP, there is no federal law to address this situation. However, state insurance law usually stipulates how health benefits should be coordinated in such cases. Your insurance companies determine which coverage is primary and which is secondary. While a QHP is not structured to pay secondary benefits, nor are the premiums calculated or adjusted for secondary payment, a person with Medicare will not receive premium assistance or subsidies under federal law. Although federal law makes it illegal for insurance companies to knowingly sell coverage that duplicates Medicare\u2019s coverage when someone is enrolled in it, there is no clarity on the issue if someone already has individual health insurance and then enrolls in Medicare. To understand this complex situation, you may consult someone at your local Medicare branch office, department of health/human services, or whoever administers the Exchanges in your state. Another thing to note is that if your wife opts not to enroll in Part B at this time, she may have to pay a penalty of 10% per 12 month period she was not enrolled when she chooses to enroll before 65. The penalty reverts to 0 when she turns 65 and becomes eligible under normal rules, but it applies every year until then. If she enrolls during normal General Enrollment (Jan-March), she has to pay the penalty if she fails to enroll and later enrolls. However, if the enrollment extends beyond March and is a Special Enrollment Period, she may have the option to enroll next year without a penalty."}
{"1678": "\n\nAs noted in the comments, the issue lies in converting your U.S. Dollars to Indian Rupees in order to purchase an Indian fixed deposit. As of the writing of this article, the exchange rate is 1 U.S. Dollar to 64 Indian Rupees. Certain economic factors should be taken into account, although they are not necessarily definitive. You may be wondering what happens if you don't intend to convert your rupees back into dollars. In that case, the risk of foreign exchange losses is eliminated. However, it's important to note that high inflation rates in India contribute to the high interest rates on fixed deposits. After adjusting for inflation, a 9% return equates to roughly a 4% real return (pre-tax), as inflation currently stands at approximately 5-6%."}
{"1679": "\n\nMany businesses rely on averages to balance their books, meaning that profitable customers subsidize the unprofitable ones. This is commonplace, as seen in the health club model, where regular attendees are supported by those who pay but don't show up. Netflix and MMOs follow a similar principle. Though acquiring new customers can be expensive, businesses often pay a premium to secure them as long-term customers. For example, banks must provide a means of banking for their customers, and ATMs help reduce the expense of staffing multiple branches. While a $3 fee for using an ATM may seem high, it is a fraction of the cost of serving the customer otherwise. Additionally, fees for foreign transactions and credit cards vary significantly, depending on several factors, including volume, type of card, and location. Using a trusted payment processor like Square can simplify things by offering a flat rate."}
{"1680": "\n\nThe following list contains ETFs related to natural gas, oil, gasoline, and heating oil. The United States Natural Gas Fund (UNG) tracks natural gas, while the United States Oil Fund (USO) and PowerShares DB Oil Fund (DBO) both track West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil. The United States Gasoline Fund (UGA) tracks gasoline, and the United States Heating Oil Fund (UHN) tracks heating oil. It's best to avoid ETFs that have double returns, as they don't track well. It's important to note that an unmanaged single commodity ETF will always lag behind spot prices over time, and the ETF issuer's claims aside, these products will likely fail over time. This issue doesn't occur with gold, as the ETF (GLD) simply buys gold, which cannot be replicated for oil."}
{"1681": "\n\nThere is currently no evidence to suggest that the recent decline in the global stock market will affect the UK housing market. The recent drop in the stock markets is largely attributed to two factors: the Chinese government's decision to devalue the Yuan and subsequent panic by investors and speculators. However, these factors do not directly or indirectly influence the housing market in the UK. The most influential factors affecting house prices are supply and demand, buyer sentiment, and interest rates, among others. Therefore, if you are considering buying a home in your area, it is necessary to consider these factors. Currently, with a low interest rate policy being maintained by many central banks, it is a good time to take out a mortgage. The value of a company on the stock market is not a significant factor in determining interest rates, as the main directive of a central bank is to maintain regular inflation rates. Finally, it is essential to note that any stock market crashes are typically short-lived, and the underlying reasons behind them may cause problems if they persist."}
{"1682": "\n\nThe effective rate of your mortgage depends on your tax rate. To calculate it, multiply your marginal tax rate (including state taxes, if applicable) by the deduction percentage of 3.1%. Subtract that amount from 3.1% to determine your effective rate on the mortgage. For instance, if you're in the 28% tax bracket without state tax impacts, your effective rate on the mortgage is 2.232%. This assumes you're still itemizing deductions without the mortgage; otherwise, the effective deduction is lower. While others have provided behavioral reasons for prioritizing car payments, this is the financially prudent approach. Additionally, this rate serves as your risk-free rate for additional investments after accounting for taxes on investments."}
{"1683": "\n\nAre you curious about how to build or improve your credit score? To achieve a higher score, it's best to use your credit card and pay off the bill entirely every month. Credit utilization, however, can affect your score. It's calculated based on how often your bank reports your balances to the credit reporting agencies - which can be daily or at the end of a statement cycle. Correct utilization is necessary for active use of your credit. To avoid being reported as inactive/unused, make sure to pay a few active charges and leave some balance by paying at least the minimum amount. Try to maintain credit utilization below 7% for optimal scores. Always remember, on-time payment is the most vital factor, followed by how much you owe and the length of your credit history. Keeping these factors in sound standing will significantly improve your credit score."}
{"1684": "\n\nYou can claim business deductions even if your business has not generated any income, but choosing the right structure for your business is important. There are two options: a Company structure or a Sole Trader or Partnership structure. If you choose a Company structure, you would be able to claim deductions but not income, resulting in a loss. These losses can be carried forward to offset future profits. For more information, refer to the ATO website on Company tax losses. If you choose to be a Sole Trader or Partnership, any business losses you incur may be offset against your income from other sources, such as wages, but only if you pass certain tests. If you do not pass the tests, you must carry forward your losses until an income year in which you do. It is important to note that making at least $20,000 in sales income is the easiest test to pass to use business losses against other income. Refer to the ATO website on Non-commercial losses for more information. This differentiation between a legitimate business and a hobby is crucial."}
{"1685": "\n\nKeeping detailed business records is always advantageous. There are numerous situations where you may need to provide evidence of the services you have provided and your payment history, as mentioned earlier, such as during an IRS tax audit. Other scenarios also call for this information. Whether these records must be in their original form or electronic format could be addressed in a separate inquiry."}
{"1686": "\n\nIf you don't invest that money in a tax-deferred account, you'll need to pay income taxes on it this year. Additionally, since you earned that money from your own business, you'll also owe payroll taxes on it this year."}
{"1687": "\n\nRetail purchases refer to purchases made by individual customers for personal consumption. These may not include wholesale purchases or transactions from businesses that identify as service providers. The specific limitations may vary based on your card issuer, and it is recommended that you contact their customer service to inquire about eligibility requirements. For instance, many cards in the US offer high cash-back for gasoline purchases at retail locations but exclude wholesale retailers like Costco."}
{"1688": "\n\nGenerally speaking, ETFs are the better option if you only intend to track an index."}
{"1689": "\n\nYes, it is possible to claim self-employed health insurance premiums as an \"above the line\" deduction. Refer to the instructions provided for line 29 of form 1040."}
{"1690": "\n\nThe official guide provided here may be too detailed and require some foundational knowledge of double-entry bookkeeping to use effectively. Double-entry bookkeeping is an accounting system where every entry made to an account must correspond with a corresponding and opposite entry in a separate account. Essentially, everything is considered an account, requiring the creation of various expense accounts such as \"office supplies\" even if it does not exist as a bank account. In the event of an imbalanced transfer, where only one account is specified instead of both, the imbalance \"account\" can be used to work through each transaction and ensure that it is appropriately tied to its corresponding account. Once this is done, the transaction will no longer appear under the imbalance category."}
{"1691": "\n\nRevised: Ensure that the worker documents the payment and deduct it in December, following the constructive receipt rules. The timing of receiving the actual cash in January does not matter as long as the payment is guaranteed. It is advisable to seek guidance from a tax professional before proceeding; nonetheless, this is the approach I would take."}
{"1692": "\n\nIn essence, discarding your taxable income does not exempt you from reporting it in your tax filing and paying taxes accordingly. Moreover, you can request your employer to issue a replacement check at any time, but note that there may be a reprinting fee if you repeatedly do so. To avoid paying taxes on such income, consider donating it to a qualifying 501(c)3 organization to make it tax-neutral."}
{"1693": "\n\nRevised: Automatic exercises can pose a high level of risk, particularly when options are closer to the money. In the event of negative equity, a responsible broker will forcibly close all positions and pursue the account owner for any outstanding debt. However, the automatic exercise of near the money options indicates a risky solvency policy. To manage any resulting negative equity or liability, the safest approach is to sell enough underlying assets to cover the loan, closing all other positions if necessary. If the loan remains unsatisfied, additional funding will be necessary to fully repay the debt. As the price of the underlying asset may continue to shift, it is advisable to fund the account as soon as possible. \n\nFor deep in the money exercised options, calls turn into a long underlying on margin, while puts become a short underlying. The decision to close or retain the position should be based on the investor's risk and position selection policies. If the position is unattractive, extinguishment of the liability can be accomplished by closing out the exposure to the underlying asset. Since cash is not marginable, the cash received from position closure should suffice to repay any margin debt. If the position is still appealing, liability management within appropriate margin limits can be pursued. In the case of margin accounts, same-day closing of underlying positions will be considered a day trade, while closings after the exercise will not incur penalties or restrictions. \n\nWhile some brokers allow cash options accounts, many require upgrading to a margin account. In a cash account, equities are not marginable and any debt will trigger a margin call. If a margin debt does not result in a margin call, the account is likely not a cash account since margin for any security, except for certain options trades, is at 100%. During a call exercise, the exercisor or exercisor's broker will pay cash for underlying assets at the exercise price. Any remaining deficit is financed with debt, and underlying assets can be sold to satisfy this debt or sold for cash. While shorting the underlying assets is a potential preemptive strategy, its cost may be prohibitive, and few brokers may allow shorting against the box due to its potential for tax fraud. \n\nIn conclusion, closing out options positions is typically safer and less expensive than taking delivery of the underlying assets."}
{"1694": "\n\nYou mentioned that you would appreciate any information, so I would like to provide some background information before giving my answer. During my time working for banks, I was required to report any suspicious activity to my superiors. This involved completing a form that included the customer's name, social security number, account number(s), and identification. Contrary to what might be reported in the media, the threshold for suspicious activity can be lower than $10,000 or even $5,000, depending on how the institution defines it. In annual training courses, we were taught that terrorists and criminals often use cash, despite whether we believed it or not. It's important to realize that many people prefer cash-only budgets to avoid overdraft fees or the higher costs associated with card usage at certain merchants who offer discounts for cash. If someone chooses to use cash for a $10,000 monthly budget, that's their prerogative. Additionally, it's not anyone's business to know what others do with their private property. This has created a distinct contrast in views between older Americans, who tend to see the banking system as overreaching, and younger Americans, who don't seem to care as much. In fact, it was partly due to my discomfort with this reporting requirement that I eventually left the banking system. It's unfortunate that it's become so normalized. One of the comments even asks what you plan to do with the money, as if that were somehow relevant or appropriate. Welcome to the New America \u00a9! \n\nNow, to answer your question, if you withdraw $100,000, the most likely scenario is revealed in this article I've linked for you. Unfortunately, you might receive backlash from others who view your simple inquiry as controversial or suspicious. It's absurd, but it's a reality that some people seem eager to embrace. So, it's understandable that you're feeling concerned. Other members on this site have noticed this trend as well."}
{"1695": "\n\nInsurance in India is provided by both public and private companies, such as ICICI, Maxbupa, SBI, and many others. As the insurance sector requires long-term stability, not just anyone can open an insurance company due to certain capital requirements. The shareholding pattern in the past mandated Indian companies to hold a majority share, with foreign companies limited to only 26% ownership. However, this limit has recently been raised to 49%, allowing foreign companies to invest more capital while still maintaining Indian control over private insurance companies. While the outcome of this economic policy decision will only become clear in about a decade, there are both pros and cons to this new policy. On the positive side, more funds will be brought into the insurance segment, which will strengthen companies, and better global practices on risk and data modelling may reduce premiums for many. Additionally, this will enable innovation in product offerings, and bring more foreign exchange into the country. On the negative side, global companies may increase premiums to maximize profits, create complex products which are difficult for the average person to understand, and withdraw their investment at any time as they are primarily here for a profit motive. As of now, only government companies offer pension schemes in India. Recently, moves have been made to allow private companies to provide pensions as well. Although life insurance companies can currently launch pension schemes, upon maturity, the annuity amount needs to be invested in LIC to receive a monthly pension."}
{"1696": "\n\nAs a CPA and former IRS agent and manager, I would like to inform you that regardless of being a cash or accrual basis taxpayer, you can deduct an expense when your card is charged. You can picture it as borrowing money from the credit card company or bank that issued your credit card, then using it to buy a product or service, resulting in an expense and a liability to a third party. However, you cannot take a deduction when the liability is paid off. Your deduction is only when you pay for the expense. It is also important to note that depending on what you purchase, you may be required to capitalize it."}
{"1697": "\n\nAs an alternative to the typical expensive sources, this information is directly from an exchange. However, there is now a cheaper option available thanks to IEX, a recently opened exchange that offers real-time bid/ask data for free. For more information on their API, please visit: https://www.iextrading.com/developer/. Keep in mind that while this data should be reliable for frequently traded securities, the numbers may not be up-to-date for less actively traded securities."}
{"1698": "\n\nWhat is the ideal amount that one should save for retirement funds? The answer is subjective and depends on how much one needs to live a comfortable retirement lifestyle. To achieve this goal, it is suggested that a person save enough for their retirement resources to equal the amount they require to retire comfortably when they choose to do so. If you plan to retire at an earlier age, say 40, you may need to save a considerable amount each year. On the other hand, if you plan to retire at 70, you may need to save less each year. Those with a pension or Social Security benefits may need to save less than those without. While retirement funds may provide financial independence, it ultimately depends on one's personal goals. Some financially independent individuals may choose to continue working despite not needing to due to financial constraints."}
{"1699": "\n\nRevised: I analyzed data from September 2010 to the present and found that the standard deviation measures the range of returns over time. For AAPL, approximately two-thirds of the time, returns were within +/- 1.65 of the daily average return of 0.21%. However, compared to the S&P and other tech companies, AAPL appears to be more volatile. To confirm this, I plan to develop a list of the most volatile stocks I track on Yahoo. Using Excel, I was able to easily conduct this analysis for AAPL, which I found to be an engaging exercise. Nonetheless, it's important to note that stock returns do not always follow a bell curve and that the standard deviation is only an approximation. Given more time, I would be interested in investigating whether AAPL's volatility has changed over time or if the perception of increased volatility is due to its high price. It's also important to keep in mind that a $20 fluctuation for a $600 stock is equivalent to a $2 fluctuation for a $60 stock, even though the former seems more significant."}
{"1700": "\n\nTo avoid paying any interest, the most effective strategy is to refrain from utilizing your card for an entire billing cycle. However, accurately determining your credit card interest in advance can pose a challenge since your card usage, including the amount and timing, significantly influences it."}
{"1701": "\n\nTo get personalized advice on your plans, we suggest speaking with a banker. One factor that contributed to the housing crash was the 80/20 loan, where a buyer would receive a first mortgage for 80% of the home's value and a HELOC for the remaining 20% to avoid private mortgage insurance. This type of loan was popular because it allowed buyers who couldn't afford PMI and didn't have a down payment to purchase a home, but it was risky as they were cutting things too close. While your situation seems different, as you plan to increase your home's value through improvements, it's important to note that sizable upgrades don't always have a 100% ROI. If you're seeking financing, it's likely that the bank will expect you to invest some funds, particularly if your planned upgrades have a lower ROI. For example, if you're considering a pool, a wise banker might suggest you contribute 60% of the cost, as pools usually have a 40% ROI. That said, you might still be able to find a banker who would loan you 100%. As we don't know many details about your particular situation, it's challenging to offer nuanced advice, particularly as certain decisions which look lucrative on paper may be fraught with risk."}
{"1702": "\n\nIf you provide VAT-liable services, it is probable that you will need to register normally for VAT. This will enable you to reclaim VAT on business purchases, but you will need to charge VAT to clients, which raises a question as to whether this will be seen as a price increase by those clients. This will hinge on the extent to which your clients can claim back the VAT you charged them. If you work mainly with VAT-registered businesses that are primarily involved in VAT-liable activities (including zero-rated ones), registering for VAT is likely to be in your financial interest, although it does entail more paperwork. The flat-rate scheme may be even better. On the other hand, if you work mainly with private individuals, non-VAT-registered businesses or businesses that are primarily involved in VAT-exempt activities, then registering for VAT could be against your financial interest. Note that VAT-exempt and zero-rated for VAT are quite different, even though they may appear similar to the customer."}
{"1703": "\n\nThe implementation of the penny pilot program has had a remarkable impact on increasing options liquidity. The ability to post bids at .01 penny increments, rather than .05 increments, has helped reduce the loss of significant amounts of money. The inclusion of issues in the program is based on existing liquidity in both the stock and options market. While the CBOE exercises discretion in selecting issues to be included, the utility of the penny pilot program outweighs this judgement. The CBOE does not list all stocks in the penny pilot program due to concerns about data vendor capability, though this rationale has remained unchanged since 2006. Advances in storage and bandwidth technology since then suggest that this concern may no longer be valid."}
{"1704": "\n\nIf I hire someone in Utah to conduct sales for me over the phone from their home, am I required to register a new LLC or file my current one as a foreign entity in Utah? Yes, since you have established a physical presence in Utah, you should register your current LLC in Utah rather than create a new one.\n\nIf my salesperson, or I, call businesses in Florida and offer our services for online work, such as website design, am I required to file our LLC in Florida as either a new LLC or a foreign one? No, you only need to register where your company or employees are physically present. You are not required to register in any state where you provide services or ship products to. If none of your employees are present in Florida, and you do not have an office or rental storage there, then you do not have a physical presence in Florida. However, if you travel to Florida to provide services, then you would establish a physical presence there."}
{"1705": "Biff Spoiles founded an animation studio and production company with an estimated cost of $12,000,000.00 U.S.D., and he himself had a yearly salary of $12K. It is unclear what is meant by the figure of $12 million. Does it refer to the total cost of animations created by the company in a year, or the cost of plant, so for a \"TV commercial production company\" meaning purchasing desks, drawing pads, Porsches and more? Your example of a \"film or TV-commercial production company\" is not an accurate representation of a business that relies on capital and returns on capital. In reality, these companies often begin with a talented individual working in a film company, gradually building up their reputation as an animator or director. They may then move on to work independently, offering their services to clients at a lower rate due to their low overheads, and gradually building up their team and reputation over time.\n\nWhile it is possible to borrow money to start a business, in practice it is unlikely that someone would be able to borrow the millions of dollars required for a category 1 or 3 business. In most cases, these businesses are built up over time through hard work and dedication, and borrowing money from a wealthy individual or bank only becomes feasible once the business is already well-established and generating significant cashflow."}
{"1706": "\n\nI agree with YosefWeiner's comment, and I would like to add that when you purchase stock through a broker, you technically own the stock, not the broker. The broker is merely holding it for you. If the broker goes bankrupt, it will not affect the value of your stock. However, if the broker fails to transfer your shares to another broker before ceasing operation, getting your assets back can be challenging. \n\nTo illustrate this, let us suppose you took your shoes to a shoe repair shop, but the shop went bankrupt before you could pick them up. Despite the shop's bankruptcy, the shoes still belong to you. If the shop owner were kind enough, they would notify you to pick up your shoes before shutting down. However, if the owner did not give you a notice, it would be necessary to go through legal actions to retrieve your shoes. Additionally, suppose the owner became indifferent and careless regarding their record-keeping as their business failed. In that case, you would have to prove that the shoes belong to you and not to someone else."}
{"1707": "\n\nOccasionally, even if your employer deducts and pays your taxes, it may not appear as a credit on your PAN due to reasons such as late submission, reconciliation errors, and more. It is recommended that you notify your company's finance officer if you receive a letter regarding such discrepancies. \nQ1: A reliable method to track if your employer has deposited tax with the government is to review your tax credit report, which was established in 2004. It provides details on all credits related to your PAN and the amount of tax deducted by your employer or through self-assessment, TCS, etc. To view this report, you have two options: register directly at http://www.tin-nsdl.com/panregistration.asp and follow the registration process to monitor your tax credits continually. Please note that data may take 2-3 months to reflect. Alternatively, several major banks such as Citi and SBI offer direct access to this report through their internet banking frontend, provided that your PAN is linked to your account. \nQ2: All you need to submit is Form 16, which contains information about the tax paid, the BSR number for reconciling, and other relevant details. \nQ3: TDS is the employer's responsibility. Still, if too little is deducted, or incorrect/incomplete information is provided by you, then it becomes your responsibility\u2014for instance, if you switch jobs within a year, the deduction is typically lower, and you must pay the difference. \nQ4: If it is determined that the company is at fault for not deducting taxes or failing to pay the government on time, there are sufficient provisions to penalize the organization, including the possibility of imprisoning top management."}
{"1708": "\n\nI used to keep track of every detail in my receipts, bills, and expenses, but it was time-consuming and messy. Instead, I suggest focusing on broad categories of expenses that make sense for your situation. Group similar expenses into categories like groceries, transportation, utilities, and savings, and add a miscellaneous category for anything that doesn't fit neatly into one of these categories. Look back over your statements from the past few months and categorize each line accordingly. Take the sum of each category per month and calculate the monthly average. This becomes your budget baseline. From here, you can adjust your budget to align with your goals. If you want to increase savings, for example, reduce a discretionary category like dining out or entertainment by 10% each month and transfer that money into savings instead. It may take time, but you can work towards your goals by making small changes each month."}
{"1709": "\n\nIt is recommended that separate files be created for each of the two businesses. The business that transfers money out should use the \"write check\" function in its QB file, while the business that receives money should use the \"make deposit\" function in its QB file. It is important to note that in QB, the \"write check\" function is used even when a payment is made through other means like ACH. Neither business should have explicit representation of the other's bank accounts. Each payment should be classified as originating/given to another account, and to ensure accuracy, it is necessary to understand the reason for the money transfer and how the books are set up. Money transferred from personal accounts to the business is likely owner's equity, unless there are other circumstances. For example, in an S Corp, paying oneself a salary is necessary. In the event of an overpayment, a check from personal accounts can be written back to the company to correct the mistake. This transaction should be recorded as a \"negative expense\" in a separate account that tracks salary payments."}
{"1710": "\n\nThere has been ample research conducted on the impact of stock splits. While some studies have drawn conclusions supporting their positive effects, it is important to note that these findings are based on large samples and may not apply to every split. Additionally, much of the research is outdated, and recent studies have struggled to find significant performance impacts, suggesting that the arbitrage opportunity may no longer exist. While this document provides an overview of existing research on the topic, it fails to include more recent papers. It is worth considering that if you pay commission per share, you will end up paying more commissions after the split. Ultimately, it is best not to overthink stock splits and instead focus on other factors when making investment decisions."}
{"1711": "\n\nI enjoy collecting items as a hobby, and while some of the older items were sold before I established my LLC, most, if not all, were purchased purely for personal pleasure rather than for profit. However, the later items I purchased after establishing my LLC served both purposes. I am unsure how to report the income for items for which I have no records of purchase. Unfortunately, as these are personal-use items, losses from their sale cannot be tax deductible. As per IRS rules, if you have no records of purchase, you must claim a 100% capital gain on the income earned. I started selling some items on eBay and forums between January and September of 2016, and later established my LLC in October. For items not recorded under my LLC, a 100% gain must be reported as no business expenses or costs can be proven. Overall, this is a question of income tax and not the value of the assets themselves. The IRS will assess gains and losses based on their own regulations, and without proper documentation, a cost basis of $0 must be assumed, resulting in a 100% gain on sale."}
{"1712": "\n\nWhy does the yield increase during economic instability? The risk of default increases, causing the yield to rise. An example of this occurred in Greece in 2011, where government financial instability resulted in a 50% reduction in bond values. If the bond is held until maturity, the investor will only receive half of the original nominal value, assuming no further write-downs occur. Selling of bonds drives up the yield as it indicates future concerns, causing sellers to reduce their offer price to attract buyers. While investing in Greek bonds with attractive prices and yields may seem appealing, it is important to consider the potential risks. Bond holders in 2011 initially found the bonds appealing, but ultimately suffered a significant reduction in value."}
{"1713": "\n\nThe IRS rules remain unchanged as outlined in 26 U.S. Code \u00a7 1091 - Loss from wash sales of stock or securities. This law prohibits a deduction for any loss claimed from the sale or disposition of shares of stock or securities if, within a 30-day period before and after such sale, the taxpayer has acquired substantially identical stock or securities. Although there are stocks with high correlation such as Exxon and Mobil, the IRS has yet to determine what level of overlap or correlation constitutes \"substantially identical\" for funds or ETFs. In a recent article on Tax Loss Harvesting, I analyzed the impact of taking losses each year, revealing a decade-long 9% loss. However, tax loss harvesting helped to slightly improve the return rate, adding approximately 1% annually."}
{"1714": "\n\nTo check the N3 to N6 bonds, I have written a bond yield calculator which can be found on this link: http://capitalmind.in/2011/03/sbi-bond-yield-calculator/. Please take note of the following details:"}
{"1715": "\n\nIt is highly recommended that you establish a contract with your customer that outlines the terms of your agreement, including the exchange of product for payment. This contract should detail both your responsibilities and your customer's responsibilities in order for the contract to be considered completed. Additionally, this agreement might include various stipulations such as deadlines for product approval, access to necessary materials or information, and other specifics unique to your product. Furthermore, if you offer a tangible product such as software or graphics, it is imperative to state in the contract that \"intellectual property transfers on satisfaction of contract.\" This means that the customer does not have ownership rights until they have accepted the product and paid accordingly. In the event of unpaid work, the customer may be in violation of copyright law. Developing a payment schedule, such as receiving a third of payment upon completion of pivotal stages, is also essential. Lastly, it is important to make clear that the customer is responsible for any expenses incurred as a result of their unfulfilled payment agreement, including attorney's fees. It is highly recommended that a lawyer draft this agreement, as contract law is complex and can vary from state to state. A skilled lawyer will understand what can and cannot be stipulated in a contract. In the event of unpaid work, it is recommended to hire an attorney to pursue legal action. A comprehensive contract, written by a skilled lawyer, will significantly reduce the risk of loopholes or technicalities that can be used against you. Any business that operates in the U.S. likely has funds within U.S. banks that are subject to U.S. court orders, regardless of their location."}
{"1716": "\n\nHave you heard about BankSimple? It seems intriguing. Unfortunately, I don't reside in the US. Nonetheless, they have ambitious plans of launching an API that replicates their standard banking features. Once that happens, you could potentially devise your custom command-line interface."}
{"1717": "\n\nThe concept of ECI (effectively connected income) is pertinent to non-resident aliens who conduct business in the US. To qualify, one must either physically be present within the US or own property or a business in the country. This means that the relevant parties are non-resident aliens, property owners, or business owners \u2013 not foreign contractors. According to the IRS, income related to the following categories is typically connected with the US trade or business: US-source scholarships or fellowship grants received by nonimmigrants holding F, J, M, or Q visa status, U.S. real property sale gains and losses (including those from capital assets), rental income from real property (if designated as ECI), and dividends, interests, and annuities connected to US business or trade. Additionally, if you operate a business in the US that sells services, merchandise, or products, then you are also in effect an ECI taxpayer. For instance, if you sell inventory property in the US that was purchased either domestically or overseas, that profit is considered a trade-or-business-connected ECI."}
{"1718": "\n\nWhile some responses have provided suggestions for software to use, I would like to address your specific question regarding how transactions are managed in such systems. In the case of \"double entry\" bookkeeping software like Quicken or GnuCash, credit card transactions are typically managed through a liability account. It's important to note that I'm not an accountant and there may be errors in my terminology.\n\nYour credit card is considered a liability and is tracked in a liability account rather than an asset account like your bank accounts or cash. Essentially, a liability account functions similarly to an asset account, except for the fact that it is subtracted from (instead of added to) your overall assets. When you make a purchase using your credit card, the transaction recorded involves transferring the money from the liability account (increasing the liability) to the expense account that corresponds with your classification of the expense.\n\nOn the other hand, when you make a payment toward your credit card balance, the transaction recorded involves transferring the money from your checking account (or another account) to your credit card account, which reduces the liability. Regardless of which software you choose to track your finances, I strongly advise selecting a software that is powerful enough to represent this transfer of funds between accounts. Simply increasing or decreasing asset accounts is not sufficient when managing credit card transactions."}
{"1719": "\n\nAs suggested by the comments above, there is no single answer or straightforward formula when it comes to taxes in the USA. The main issue is that your primary aim in business is likely to make a profit, and this means that you will have to pay taxes consistently. Reinvesting profits should be a business decision that prioritizes revenue growth, with taxes being a secondary consideration. Although taxes can be complex, managing them for a small LLC shouldn't be too difficult. It is highly recommended that you take some time to closely analyze your business and personal taxes from the previous year. This will help you to understand the issue more clearly and identify ways to optimize your tax situation. If taxes are a significant concern, some companies purchase software to estimate taxes periodically throughout the year and make better decisions."}
{"1720": "\n\nWhen it comes to personal finance, your habits play a larger role in determining your success than your financial expertise. Forming a habit of regularly depositing money into your savings account will have a greater impact on your financial situation than obsessing over the interest rates of different accounts. Furthermore, it's important to note that neither savings accounts nor high-yield accounts currently offer interest rates that outpace inflation (which is currently over 3%). Thus, the main reason to choose a savings account should be its function as a tool for saving, not for its safety or interest rate."}
{"1721": "\n\nWhen individuals boast about their accomplishments, they tend to exaggerate them. Vitalik's inference of net worth is likely the first thing that comes to mind. However, when someone is bragging, it could signify anything from $1M in overall revenue."}
{"1722": "\n\nI am looking to move into a larger, long-term property and need to upgrade from my current home. Do you have enough equity in your current home to make a 20% down payment on the new property if you sell it? Additionally, you could consider refinancing your existing home to get extra cash to accelerate your saving plan. \n\nI agree with D Stanley that the statement \"Purchase and move to a second property of greater cost and value to first\" doesn't make sense. Instead, you should focus on finding a new property that is of higher value and cost compared to your current home. It's important to note that you'll need to find the new house while selling the current one. Ensure that the contract for your new home allows you to back out in case the buyer for your current home falls through."}
{"1723": "Interactive Brokers provides access to foreign markets in 19 different countries for investors based in the US. The ability to trade these local markets through a single, universal account adds to the convenience of IB's offerings."}
{"1724": "\n\nSmall companies may offer growth opportunities, while large companies may not have as many. To identify which companies have better growth potential, it is recommended to look at the quartile ranking of their return on equity (ROE)."}
{"1725": "\n\nI am interested in selling my 100 shares of AAPL to someone at a very low price, like $10 or even $1. Is that legal? Yes, it is legal because the shares are mine to do with as I please. However, if the buyer and I use different brokers, we will need to discuss the transaction details. Regarding citizenship, assuming you are in the US or the transaction is taking place in the US, citizenship status doesn't matter. What matters is tax residency status. This type of transfer is considered a gift, and if I am a US tax resident, I will need to consider gift tax consequences due to the discount value. For instance, if I sold 100 shares of AAPL for $1 each and the fair market value was actually $501 per share, the buyer would effectively receive $50,100 worth of value for just $100, resulting in a $50,000 gift. As this amount exceeds the $14,000 annual exemption, I will need to deal with gift tax and file a gift tax return. Additionally, there will be capital gains tax consequences for both seller and buyer. My best advice is to consult with a licensed tax advisor (EA/CPA licensed in your State) to discuss the specifics based on my circumstances. If either party is also a foreign citizen and tax resident, then the laws of that country may come into play."}
{"1726": "\n\nHere are a few points that may be helpful:"}
{"1727": "\n\nYou are required to file a 1099 for any individual who has received $600 or more in payments throughout the year, not just a one-time payment. As we don't have information about how much or what type of payments you made, we cannot provide a definitive answer to your inquiry. Your real concern is whether you should file 1099s if you treat your business as a hobby. The answer is yes, and you should consult with a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA) in your state to determine if treating your business as a hobby is the right approach for you."}
{"1728": "\n\nA study was conducted by an unknown researcher to classify total return based on dividend profiles. The findings, from highest to lowest, are as follows: \n\n1) Growing dividends: These stocks typically offer moderate yields of 2%-3% annually in today's markets. However, since their dividends start at a lower level, their dividend growth tends to be higher than stocks in the next category. \n\n2) \"Flat\" dividends: This type of stock usually offers higher yields of 5% and beyond but shows no or little improvement in growth, similar to bond interest rates. \n\n3) No dividends: This category takes a neutral position. \n\n4) Dividend cutters: This type of stock is generally perceived as negative news."}
{"1729": "\n\nThis information could be significant as it suggests that the IRS is more forgiving when it comes to attaching the 83(b) form to the 1040 form. In simple terms, a taxpayer timely filed the 83(b) election with the IRS within 30 days of transferring the property, but did not include a copy of the election with their 1040 form for that year. Luckily for this taxpayer, the ruling stated that submitting the election to the IRS within the 30-day window fulfilled the requirements for a valid election, despite not attaching it to their tax return. The IRS did request that the taxpayer provide a copy of the election for processing, but the failure to attach it to the tax return did not invalidate the election. For more detailed information on the IRS ruling, please refer to this link: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-wd/1405008.pdf. The source of this information can be found here: www.bnncpa.com/services/employee_benefit_plans/blog/irs_rules_that_failure_to_attach_83b_election_to_form_1040_did_not_invalida."}
{"1730": "\n\nThe SEP IRA deduction belongs on Line 28 of your 1040 form, which is located above the pre-AGI line. It should not be considered part of your taxable income (AGI) for Federal tax purposes."}
{"1731": "\n\nUpon conducting an investigation, I discovered that my employer's contract with the credit card company includes a clause which indicates that although my name is on the credit card and bills are addressed to me, the company is liable for any outstanding balance. In addition, the employer has the authority to deduct wages if a balance remains on the card. Consequently, my credit score will not be impacted by this arrangement. I am grateful for all the guidance provided."}
{"1732": "\n\nI am unable to identify the cycle each security falls under without conducting thorough research. However, I can confirm that they possess distinct expiration cycles. According to information provided on the CBOE website, an expiration cycle pertains to the dates governing the expiry of options related to a specific underlying security. With the exception of LEAPS\u00ae, every other option will be aligned to the January, February or March cycle."}
{"1733": "\n\nA better way to prevent this is to refrain from selling as you have detailed. Selling without a purpose does not provide any benefits. If you are engaging in speculation, establish a cash-out price and place a limit order. If you are a long-term investor, there is typically no reason to sell unless there has been a significant change in the underlying fundamentals."}
{"1734": "\n\nYou mentioned that your strategy was to invest in an index fund, but then you asked about setting stock limits, which has left me a bit confused. Typically, funds are traded at their end-of-day price, so timing the market shouldn't be a concern. Just place your order, especially with Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), as there is a substantial market volume that your trade won't significantly impact the price. In this case, you should place a market order, which is when you buy or sell stocks at the current market price. Conversely, a limit order is when you purchase or sell shares at a specific price. With any US broker, you can either select a limit order or market order. A market order simply fulfills your request with the best sellers available. For instance, if you place an order for 100 shares, sellers offering 100 shares at the lowest price will be matched with your order. If you're purchasing a volatile stock with a small amount of shares, a market order may be best as you'll receive the best price available. However, if you select a limit order, your order will only be fulfilled if the seller's price is the same or lower than what you specified. This doesn't guarantee fulfillment if the stock's price moves away from your limit price. Therefore, if you genuinely want to own the stock, a limit order may not be the best option. The only time you should select a limit order is when you are stating a specific price or a better offer to your broker. Lastly, I would like to add that every day that passing isn't a waste; it just means you've determined that investing in cash is safer than investing in the market."}
{"1735": "\n\nIn India, the dividend amount you receive is determined by the face value of the stock. For instance, if a stock's face value is Rs. 10 and the company declares a dividend of 20%, you will get Rs.2 per share. To determine your eligibility for receiving a dividend, check the ex-dividend date of the company. If you acquired shares prior to that date, you will receive the dividend; otherwise, you will not receive it."}
{"1736": "\n\nWhile I am not an expert in tax matters, I do understand that a disregarded entity is considered a sole proprietor for federal tax purposes. This means that your personal tax year and your business tax year must align. Although it is technically feasible to have a non-calendar fiscal year as an individual, it's so uncommon that I could not locate an IRS reference for it. I came across an article written by two CPAs that offered the best reference on this topic. If you really want to pursue this, it would be best to consult an accountant who can guide you through the complexities of this process. You would need to maintain accurate accounting records for both your personal life and your business, which an accountant can assist with. An accountant can also advise you that a ledger prepared after-the-fact has been determined to be insufficient. The fiscal year you select should guide your financial activities to ensure successful bookkeeping."}
{"1737": "\n\n\"What constitutes as the corporate structure would depend on your partnership agreement or LLC operating agreement, as they outline the approach you need to take.\""}
{"1738": "\n\nYour current formula assumes that Bond A is perpetual, which is the best approximation given the information provided. However, there could be a difference due to the repayment of the principal, which is not accounted for in perpetual bonds. It is possible that the author has used a formula that accounts for principal repayment. For a more detailed calculation, please refer to the Excel sheet available on this website: http://breakingdownfinance.com/finance-topics/bond-valuation/fixed-rate-bond-valuation/."}
{"1739": "\n\nThis is actually a fairly accurate analogy to certain types of stocks, particularly those in the tech and \"fad\" categories. During the turn of the century, many people, similar to Bob accumulating baseball cards, purchased tech stocks purely for the sake of owning them. This caused a bubble to form, resulting in high valuations for internet and tech stocks. Alternatively, tech stocks can also be bought and sold by individuals such as Steve, who have business objectives and purchase based on the potential for future appreciation. These stocks command much lower valuations."}
{"1740": "\n\nIn my opinion, you should do what works best for you. While I am not married, I do plan to adopt the same approach as you, having a joint account for some expenses but maintaining separate accounts. This ensures that neither partner is financially reliant on the other. Additionally, if you want to surprise your spouse with a gift, it should come from your personal account rather than the joint account. I hope my response is helpful."}
{"1741": "\n\nI would not use either method. To provide an example, let's consider three compounding periods with an interest rate of 10% and a start value of 1. After three years, the value would be 1.331 (y0 * (1 + 0.1)^3). Depreciating by 10% (as a demonstration) brings the value back to y0. Appreciating and depreciating by 10% would cancel each other out. However, if we appreciate by 10% interest and depreciate by 3% inflation, the value would be y0 * (1 + 0.1)^3 * (1 + 0.03)^-3 = 1.21805. For a period of 50 years, the result would be y0 * (1 + 0.1)^50 * (1 + 0.03)^-50 = 26.7777. Note that subtraction can also be used, but inflation should not be ignored. This is known as the Fisher equation. Additionally, inflation should be considered as it has a significant impact on returns. For instance, in a chart comparing two funds, one with a 6% return and the other with a return varying from 3% to 6%, over a period with an inflation rate of 3%, it is evident that accounting for inflation significantly enhances the relative performance."}
{"1742": "\n\nPayday loan companies are essentially like banks, although they differ greatly in their practices. Banks generate revenue in two ways: (1) by charging fees for their services, such as account fees; and (2) by earning interest rate differentials. Banks borrow money from individuals and corporations, using personal savings accounts, for instance, for a small interest rate and then loan that money to others at a higher rate. For example, you might earn 0.5% on your savings account, but the bank will lend the same money to someone else at 2.5% as part of their mortgage. \n\nOn the other hand, payday loan companies earn revenue by charging a substantial markup on loans given to their customers. These rates of interest can be so high that in countries without proper regulation, annualized interest rates of greater than 1000% are not uncommon. Thus, it hardly matters whether payday loan companies obtain money from investors who bought shares in the company, other traditional banks who lend money as they would to any other business at a standard interest rate, or from various other sources. They may even raise funds publicly by issuing bonds for the company as they offer such high rates of return on the money lent out that where the money came from is not very relevant."}
{"1743": "\n\nAre there any downsides to this arrangement? While it's true that you'll be guaranteed the interest rate listed on your mortgage agreement as long as you make your first draw before the rate hold expiry date (which is typically 120 days after you apply), there is a potential downside. Building a home from the ground up often takes at least six months or longer. This means that you're taking a risk on what interest rates and qualifying criteria will be down the road. With a 'Completion Mortgage,' you can only lock in your interest rate 120 days before you take possession. Because lenders are constantly changing their guidelines and rates are expected to spike over the next few months, your best bet might be to opt for draw mortgage financing. That way, you can rest easy knowing that your financing is in place well before construction begins. This peace of mind is incredibly valuable and allows you to focus on preparing for your move. The only potential downside to draw mortgage financing is that if interest rates fall in six months or a year, you might lose out on the opportunity to lock in a lower rate."}
{"1744": "\n\nRevised: Robinhood, like any other broker, is a member of FINRA and therefore cannot legally misplace your assets. Even if they were to file for bankruptcy, you will be reimbursed for your money. While it's true that any broker could potentially steal assets, I don't believe that Robinhood is any more likely to do so, even if you are wealthy. In fact, according to an article on TheStreet.com, Robinhood's philosophy isn't centered around taking from the rich, but rather providing perks typically reserved for elite investors to the everyday trader."}
{"1745": "\n\n1. The age of your oldest active credit agreement is relatively young. It is important to have a track record of responsible borrowing to gain the trust of lenders. It takes time to prove that you can repay your debts, so being good with credit over a period of time is crucial. \n2. You have no active credit card accounts. Credit reference agencies consider various factors when assessing creditworthiness for different types of loans, such as mortgages, unsecured loans, secured loans, and credit cards. Each type of loan has its own level of risk, and having a mix of different types of credit can be helpful. A good strategy is to start with a secured loan, such as car finance, and then add a revolving unsecured credit account, like a credit card. Later, an unsecured fixed-term loan, for something that is not secured, can be added. This approach is effective in improving credit scores, as demonstrated by personal experience. Higher credit scores can lead to better loan options and lower interest rates, making it easier to manage debt."}
{"1746": "\n\nThe important question to ask when contributing to a 401(k) is, \"Why am I doing this?\" Many people invest in order to build a large nest egg and save for future retirement expenses. Investing involves balancing risk and potential reward, and the types of assets chosen for the 401(k) will reflect the investor's risk tolerance. According to a US News & World Report article, diversification is key to successful investing. Investors who limit their investments to a narrow range of assets run a greater risk of loss. Investing heavily in your employer's stock is not recommended, as this can expose investors to significant risk. Investing heavily in any single asset can lead to being under-diversified, which can be risky. Investing in a variety of assets helps investors spread their risk among different types of investments. When choosing investment assets for a portfolio, it's crucial to consider personal risk tolerance and investment goals. It's also wise to keep the portfolio simple and to choose assets with growth potential. Bond and income/money market funds typically offer lower growth potential, while target date funds may include additional fee overheads. Ultimately, the portfolio mix will vary based on the individual investor's goals and preferences."}
{"1747": "\n\nCan you pay for the phone in cash? To answer your question, using credit responsibly is essential. This does not entail taking out multiple loans and settling them. As Ratish mentioned, starting with a credit card is a good idea. Personally, I use my credit card for purchases and then pay off the bill every month. I have two cards that I alternate between, but that's just a minor detail. It is worth noting that merely obtaining a credit card won't enhance your credit score. Initially, it may even decrease due to inquiries and opening new accounts, which can have a detrimental effect. The positive impact will arise as you build responsible payment habits over time. In your situation, the key is to always pay your mobile bill on time. Consistently paying them on time will demonstrate to them that you are responsible."}
{"1748": "\n\nThe index serves the purpose of indicating how well the market is performing, with its fluctuations providing insights into the profitability of investments. Simply relying on the total market cap may not provide a clear picture as it only indicates whether IPO activity exceeded bankruptcy or privatization activity. Therefore, the index is a crucial tool for assessing investment performance."}
{"1749": "\n\nWelcome to Money.SE! It seems like there is public transport available for you to get to work and the area around your house is easy to navigate by foot. This means that you and your wife can walk to get groceries and other necessities. If it will take you 5 years to pay off your loans even without a car, have you considered how long it will take if you were to purchase one? Additionally, have you considered if you would be able to afford the car payments? Keep in mind that purchases, outside of necessities, have a cost/reward to consider. If you do decide to purchase a car, consider if the pleasure it brings to your life is worth the total cost. Living in a city with excellent public transportation can save you a considerable amount of money on the expenses a car brings. For example, my mom lives in a city and never drives out of it. Despite having low mileage on her car, she spends roughly $3,000 a year on insurance, maintenance, and gas. She only drives to the grocery store once a week - only .3 miles away - and to a mall 6 miles away once a month or less. She can also walk or have her groceries delivered for free. In the end, she spends $250 a month for the feeling of freedom. I understand that feeling but when I am her age, I will gladly pay a car service $20 to drive me around. \n\nAs you are young and managing family finances with your wife, it is important to have a conversation together to determine if the benefits outweigh the costs. Consider things like how you would get to the doctor with your children or go out to dinner if you didn't have a car."}
{"1750": "\n\nFirstly, it's important to clarify that the examples given are not specific bond prices, but rather \"generic\" bond price data, representing an idealized bond with a particular maturity period. To view actual individual bond prices, one can visit the UK Debt Management Office website. However, the attributes of price, yield, and coupon still apply to such individual bonds, even if they may not be available for market trade. \n\nTo provide an example of an actual UK Gilt, let's consider the \"4.25% Treasury Gilt 2019\". The UK Debt Management Office currently lists this bond as having a maturity date of 07-Mar-2019 and a price of GBP 116.27. This means that to purchase a bond with a nominal value of GBP 100.00, one would need to pay GBP 116.27. The \"nominal price\" represents the price that HM Treasury will buy back the bond on the maturity date. \n\nIt's worth noting that the title of the bond indicates a \"nominal\" yield of 4.25%, which is known as the coupon rate. This means that the treasury will pay GBP 4.25 annually per GBP 100.00 bond. However, since the market price of the bond is currently GBP 116.27, the effective yield is less than the nominal yield. In fact, the yield can be calculated to be 3.656%, or 4.25/116.27. \n\nIt's important to keep in mind that the yield is not the only factor to consider when investing in bonds. As the maturity date approaches, the market price of the bond will approach its nominal price of 100, which can result in a capital loss for the investor. If the bond is held until maturity, the investor will lose GBP 16.27 for each nominal GBP 100 bond held. This loss needs to be considered in addition to the interest received to determine the gross redemption yield, which in this case is approximately 0.75% per annum. \n\nLastly, it's worth mentioning that there are errors in the pricing of the 3-month, 6-month, and 12-month generics in the data table provided."}
{"1751": "\n\nIf you engage in freelancing or contracted work and incur business expenses, it might be necessary to hold onto receipts for another reason. You may simply take a photo or scan them with your phone, eliminating the need to preserve physical copies."}
{"1752": "\n\nBATS CHi-X Europe serves as a market maker by providing liquidity for various equities on select exchanges. For example, the London Stock Exchange lists equities and showcases the orders of market participants, many of whom are market makers. These market makers enable individuals to complete trades for equities at a faster pace and in larger quantities, while also bringing them closer to the desired price point. This liquidity provision is essential in the absence of market makers, making BATS CHi-X Europe an important contributor to this process."}
{"1753": "\n\nAssuming the company has created 500 shares, with you owning 10 shares (equivalent to 2% ownership), the company may need to create more shares to raise capital. For instance, let's say the company issues 100 more shares to be sold to venture capitalists, causing the total number of shares to increase from 500 to 600. In this scenario, you still own 10 shares, but your ownership percentage decreases to 1.66%. Other existing shareholders may also see a similar decrease in ownership percentage while the new venture investor holds 16.66% of the shares. However, the increased capital infusion can foster growth, and your 10 shares may appreciate in value depending on the company's valuation."}
{"1754": "\n\nWhile attempting to buy and sell stocks for a quick profit may seem attractive, it is risky and expensive. Let's consider a simplified scenario: buying and selling 1000 shares of ABC at $1.00 and $1.01, respectively, may appear to result in a $10 profit, yet you must factor in brokerage trade commissions, typically charged per transaction. For instance, Fidelity will charge $4.95 per trade on both buying and selling, so the 1000 shares would cost $1004.95, and after a subsequent sale, you would only receive $1.10 in net profit. Additionally, the entire investment is susceptible to losing money if the stock declines or leads to eventual bankruptcy. \n\nFurthermore, this approach requires a stock that is both volatile and stable simultaneously. You need volatility to ensure stock prices swing between the buying and selling thresholds, but stability to ensure the stock doesn't shift dramatically away from these thresholds. If this stability-volatility balance is not present, you're better off holding onto the stock for longer, as you'll have the potential for greater profits. \n\nAnother approach is to only trade each stock once by looking for potentially profitable stocks that have been steadily climbing in value. However, this approach involves the risk of buying stocks at their peak prices, which could lead to long waiting periods before being able to cash out, if ever. Furthermore, frequent traders face additional brokerage complexities, rendering it not worth the hassle."}
{"1755": "\n\nBased on my personal experience (although I am not an accountant), it should be noted that in addition to being counted as \"business income\" on line 12 of the 1040 form, any payments received, such as the $3000 mentioned here, would be subjected to a self-employment tax of approximately 15% and reported on Schedule SE. This would then carry over to line 57 of the 1040 form, after all deductions, exemptions and adjustments to income, meaning that such deductions would not impact this tax liability. \n\nFurthermore, half of this self-employment tax can be deducted on line 27, provided that one has enough taxable income. However, regardless of the circumstance, the individual would be taxed at least 50% of the self-employment tax in addition to their regular income tax. \n\nIt may be possible for the husband to deduct this payment as a business expense on Schedule C, however, if the business is experiencing a loss, there may not be any benefit to be seen in the current year. \n\nIf the individual decides to include this payment as income, it would be considered FICA income and would contribute to their Social Security account. Additionally, it may be worthwhile to investigate whether the IRS has specific criteria established in determining if spousal payments are legitimate or if they are simply used to game the tax system. \n\nFinally, it is possible for the husband to apply any losses incurred in the current year to future years when/if he has net business income. It should be noted that any tax form line numbers provided may not be entirely accurate."}
{"1756": "\n\nThe solution for Chuck's deposits is x = 8.92. It is important to note that the six years of deposits start from today, meaning the first deposit accumulates 10 years of gain, equal to 20*(1 + 0.1)^10. Similarly, the second deposit gains nine years of interest, which is calculated as 20*(1 + 0.1)^9 and so on. \n\nIf you prefer using the formula for an annuity due, found at http://www.financeformulas.net/Future-Value-of-Annuity-Due.html, you need to keep in mind that the formula is for the entire time span (k = 1 to n). Therefore, for just the first six years, you need to calculate for all ten years and then subtract another annuity calculation for the last four years. \n\nThe full calculation can be seen below, but it may seem a bit messy since the standard formula is for the entire time span. To simplify it, you could use a formula for k = m to n instead. This would make the calculation much tidier and require simple arithmetic to solve, without the need for a solver. \n"}
{"1757": "\n\nWhen searching for an accountant, seek someone who can offer not only exceptional skills in crunching numbers but also in consulting and business planning to provide a comprehensive service package."}
{"1758": "\n\nRetained earnings and partner capital accounts are distinct from each other. The partners can withdraw money according to their mutual agreement. However, unless the funds are specifically transferred to capital accounts, the earnings will not reflect in them."}
{"1759": "\n\nInvesting your money across different accounts is done for various reasons, including diversification. Putting all your money into one stock, bond, mutual fund, or ETF can be risky if that particular sector of the market experiences a downturn. However, diversifying your accounts also has its drawbacks. Some accounts have minimum deposit requirements and fee structures that may close certain options to you, especially when investing smaller amounts like the $1,000 mentioned in your question. Such issues typically disappear for larger amounts such as the $1,000,000 mentioned in your comment. Another disadvantage of excessive diversification is the possibility of overinvesting in a particular sector due to the overlap between funds, which may go unnoticed if one stock segment appears in a third of the funds."}
{"1760": "\n\nBefore we begin, I'd like to address some great points made in the comments. Firstly, as AbraCadaver mentioned, it's important to have an emergency fund before investing your $30k, in case you experience a job loss or market crash. Also, as JoeTaxpayer suggested, your maxed out 401k may already be invested in stocks. If it's not, you should consider investing in them. It's also important to remember that advisory fees can hinder your investments, and with only $30k, it's unlikely that advisers can save you more than they cost. Additionally, unlike lawyers or doctors, financial advisers don't have a legal obligation to act in your best interest.\n\nWhen investing, it's essential to keep several factors in mind. To begin with, I recommend investing in index funds, which cost less and diversify your investment. Target date funds, such as the Vanguard Target Retirement 2045 fund, are also a good option if you're saving for retirement. Lastly, many companies allow you to invest online without consulting an adviser. Do your research to find a reliable platform, such as Vanguard, which offers a broad range of no-load index funds with low expense ratios. As a cooperative owned by those who invest in their funds, Vanguard doesn't prioritize profits over your needs.\n\nI hope this helps! Feel free to continue posting questions."}
{"1761": "\n\nIf you have an effective technical trading system that has demonstrated an 80-85% success rate during backtesting, you should be actively trading it. However, to determine the system's profitability and potential success, you must calculate your expectancy per trade. This figure evaluates how much you can potentially earn on average with every trade you execute, incorporating not only your success rate, but also the ratio of your win size to loss size. \n\nFor instance, if you have an 80% success rate, but your average win is $100 compared to an average loss of $500, you will be losing money. Therefore, your priority should be to establish an average win size of 2.5 to 3 times your average loss size, ensuring a successful trading system, even with a 50% success rate. If your trading system meets these criteria, you should commence trading it immediately. \n\nAdditionally, sharing your trading system with the public and showcasing its results can improve its success rate, as more individuals acting on a signal in the same direction increase the likelihood of the desired movement occurring. To profit from your trading ideas and gain credibility, actual results are necessary for others to back it up. If you are confident in your system, initiate trading with small transactions and gradually increase your investments over time as your results align with your projected simulations."}
{"1762": "\n\nIt seems like you're reconciling your statements more frequently than once a month. Personally, I used to review all of my statements, but now I simply check my balance and move on. However, if I do notice an error, I'm usually able to catch it within a few days since I consistently update my Quicken and Mint.com accounts."}
{"1763": "\n\nI approached Mint via email to get an answer to my query. I would like to share the response I received with you. Thank you for reaching out to Mint.com. Based on your inquiry, I understand that you want to know if Mint can transfer data to and from other Intuit products. After investigating your inquiry, I regret to inform you that although Mint and other Intuit products are part of the same company, they are not yet integrated. We value your input and appreciate your idea. It will help us identify future enhancements that our customers would like to see. We have forwarded your request to our Product and Development team for their review. Please note that we cannot guarantee that your request will be implemented as we need to balance customer demand with our resources and business objectives. Oops..."}
{"1764": "\n\nYou will need to withdraw cash from your Credit Card account and utilize it for trading since brokerage companies are unlikely to accept credit cards as collateral. This is due to the fact that credit cards are unsecured credit, making it risky to conduct trades without any collateral."}
{"1765": "\n\nFor investment purposes, it's more advantageous to consider Country ratings provided by various agencies rather than the Human Development Index or Ease of Doing Business. These assessments would provide valuable insights on how viable a country is for investment in general. For instance, while China may score low in the Human Development Index, it's currently a booming market for investment. Once you've decided on potential countries, you could either invest in funds that specialize in those areas or, if legally permitted, invest directly into the leading stock index of the selected country. If starting a business is the goal, then other indices should be studied. Resources like http://www.standardandpoors.com/ratings/articles/en/us/?assetID=1245219962821, http://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/sector/Sector.faces?selectedTab=Overview&Ne=4293330737%2b11&N=0, and http://v3.moodys.com/Pages/default.aspx are great places to gain insights."}
{"1766": "\n\nTo make this scheme work, it is crucial that those controlling the dilution also control their own salaries. This is because when a corporation sells newly issued equity, the proceeds are owned by the corporation itself. In order for the scammers to profit, they must gain access to these proceeds, which essentially means that the board must be complicit in their scheme. While there are many corporations that engage in this type of behavior, it is important to note that it is not the same as a pump-and-dump scam, where a fraudulent group of investors sells the equity. Corporations are governed by a board of directors, which is elected by shareholders, and while the board has no direct operational control, they do have control over the company's finances. Unfortunately, it can be difficult to remove a bad board member once they have been elected, and they can run roughshod over the company's purse. In this scheme, the board works with the top executive to sell shares, increase salaries for key schemers, and increase board compensation. Shareholders trust that these actions are in the best interest of the company, but in reality, they are lining the pockets of the malicious board and executive."}
{"1767": "\n\nWhile market cap might not be a significant concern, bid/ask spread and liquidity are more critical, and the two are often interconnected. When it comes to ETF funds with low trading volume, spread may be wider, possibly amounting to a few pennies. Nevertheless, this is unlikely to be problematic if you don't trade frequently. Expense ratios may also be slightly higher, which can be a factor to consider. However, paying the commission to invest in a larger ETF may not be worthwhile in the near future."}
{"1768": "\n\nThis is a valid inquiry on inflation. I'd like to point out that inflation is presently negligible, and interest rates are at historic lows. This makes borrowing funds a hassle-free process for any stable enterprise. While changes could transpire in a year, Microsoft or any other corporation might be stashing away cash to increase their leverage in acquiring smaller firms, outdoing competitors, and demonstrating their confidence in their current position. It could also be due to a dearth of investment ideas or awaiting better market conditions before making significant moves. However, the negligible inflation rate coupled with the near-zero interest rate renders inflation a non-issue while assessing the company's prospects."}
{"1769": "\n\nOne way to make money on a potentially moderately decreasing stock price on a dividend-paying stock is through covered call writing. This involves selling a contract to sell shares at a predetermined price within a certain timeframe, earning a premium (i.e. time value) of up to an additional 1%-3% return. Although there is a category on Money.SE about covered call writing, the basic idea is to collect dividends and maximize returns if the stock price stays in the middle. Even if the price doesn't rise enough to trigger the call option, you'll still own the stock and have earned an extra return. Moreover, if the price declines moderately, you may still end up with a net positive."}
{"1770": "\n\nWhen investing in assets denominated in a foreign currency, there is always a currency risk involved. It is not only necessary to consider the volatility of your own currency, but also that of the foreign currency. For example, if you are a Canadian and want to invest $10,000 in US stocks, the current exchange rate of 1.3252 means that it will cost you $13,252. There are two ways to earn a profit from this investment. Firstly, if the value of USDCAD increases, and secondly, if the stocks perform well. It is important to bear in mind that since you currently hold US-denominated assets but have the intention of eventually converting them back to CAD, you are effectively long USDCAD (long USD and short CAD). Therefore, an increase in CAD will adversely affect your investment. It may seem unusual to consider currency trading in this manner, but it presents an opportunity. If you want to neutralize the currency risk in foreign investments, you can execute the opposite currency trade in addition to your original investment. In this particular instance, you would buy $10,000 worth of US stocks and then short USDCAD (long CAD and short USD $10,000). This may not be a financially savvy move, but it's worth considering. Additionally, there are currency-hedged ETFs available that can execute this strategy for you, but most of these are hedged relative to USD and are designed to shield the currency of the target country, not your own."}
{"1771": "\n\nDetermining whether to pay off a debt, particularly a mortgage, is not always a straightforward decision. Essentially, if your investment yields a better return than what the bank is charging you, and it meets your risk criteria, it may be advisable to avoid paying back the debt. For instance, in the UK, mortgage rates are currently quite favourable, usually ranging between 2.5% to 3%. In contrast, you would expect a long-term average property return of approximately 9% to 11% (including 3% to 5% rental yield and the remainder on capital gains). To assess the decision accurately, you must consider the following factors:"}
{"1772": "\n\nConsider investigating whether you can continue to use a credit card instead of switching to a debit card linked to your checking account. Choosing a credit card offers an added layer of protection against fraudulent activity that could wipe out your account. If such an incident does occur, most banks provide assistance in recovering the funds when a debit card is used. However, you may be left without access to your money while the issue is resolved. By comparison, credit cards do not withdraw funds from your account during a dispute. Additionally, I concur with other opinions that consolidating all your funds into a single account can make it difficult to differentiate between everyday spending and emergency funds."}
{"1773": "\n\nRevised: Opting for a short sale may appear to be an extreme and unethical measure. However, it would be advisable to review your mortgage documents or seek assistance from a legal expert to ascertain whether your mortgage is \"assumable.\" If it is, you may be able to persuade the erstwhile owner to take over the mortgage."}
{"1774": "\n\nTo purchase oil at a later date and location, you can buy \"futures\" papers. These papers give you the option to buy or sell a specific amount of oil at a predetermined price and harbor location. You can sell these futures at any time, and your profit or loss depends on the market price fluctuation. For instance, if you bought a future for $50 and the market price rises to $60, your paper's worth will increase by $10. Remember that you must sell your future before it expires, or you'll receive physical oil that may be challenging to use. Some traders don't want physical oil, so that someone else will likely buy it; otherwise, you'll need to ensure that you do. Keep in mind that you could lose more than your initial investment if the market price goes against you. If you purchase a future for $50 and the market price rises above $50, you'll have to procure the oil at the new price, which means buying it at the current rate. Theoretically, you could lose tenfold or a thousand times what you invested, depending on what you trade. This explanation is geared towards beginners and doesn't involve technical terms."}
{"1775": "\n\nRevised: Notes and Bonds are issued at par value (1.0). Their value decreases when interest rates rise, and increases when interest rates drop. As an individual investor, it may not be advisable to purchase individual bonds unless you intend to hold them until maturity. Instead, consider investing in a short-duration bond fund or ETF."}
{"1776": "\n\nWith a 30% down payment and a cosigner, is it possible to be denied a car loan for a $100k vehicle? According to BankRate, the average credit score required for a new car purchase is 714, but interest rates for those with scores in the 601-660 range average at 6.39%. While a borrower's high income may offset a lower credit score, not every bank or dealership follows the same practices. If you are self-employed, some lenders require two years of tax returns to verify your income. Additionally, a cosigner's income affects the loan approval process, while debt to income ratio also plays a crucial role.\n\nDue to unknown information and variable lender policies, there is a chance that you may be denied a car loan. To proceed, explore your options by speaking with different lenders and dealerships to find the best interest rate available. Nonetheless, it is advisable to consider purchasing a less expensive car. Insurance premiums on a $100k vehicle are typically high, given your young age, and regardless of your earning potential, situations can change rapidly. Rather than obtaining a car loan, buying a car with cash allows for future upgrades without incurring interest and car insurance expenses over time."}
{"1777": "\n\nDisclaimer: While I am basing my response on US tax law, I believe that the Australian tax situation would be similar. It is unlikely that the tax authorities would accept your claim that the conference was the sole reason for your trip. If you took a two-week vacation, including a two-day conference, it would appear that you added the conference to claim vacation expenses. However, if you can demonstrate a valid reason for attending the conference, it would then depend on the specifics of Australian law. It is clear that the vacation was not incidental to the trip. Nevertheless, you can always claim the registration fee for the conference as a business expense."}
{"1778": "\n\nThere are three financial institutions involved in this matter: your insurance company's bank, the money center, and your own bank. Despite the fact that the money center did not request your signature, \"normal\" record-keeping still applies to the other two institutions. You can inquire about the records they have on file. Additionally, both the company's bank and your own bank should possess copies of the check."}
{"1779": "\n\nThis example is from the real estate field. Let's say you purchase a house worth $100,000 and pay a 20 percent down payment of $20,000. You borrow the remaining amount of $80,000. In this scenario, your equity or market capitalization is $20,000. However, the total value or enterprise value of the house is $100,000, including the $80,000 mortgage. The enterprise value represents what a buyer would need to pay to own the company or the house \"free and clear\" while accounting for any outstanding debts."}
{"1780": "\n\nThese statements do not necessarily contradict each other. In the first scenario, investors are bearish because they anticipate selling in the future when interested buyers have already made their purchases. This would lead to people willing to sell driving down the price. In the second scenario, the trend is strengthened due to an increase in volume, indicating that the price movement has interested many traders. The trend could either be bullish or bearish. The second scenario can lead to the first scenario since an increase in price coupled with an increase in volume could suggest the strengthening of the positive trend. Consequently, traders who are interested in the price move would buy. However, once all the traders who are willing to enter the market have done so, we enter the first scenario. Investors then realize that interested buyers have already bought, and they become bearish, expecting selling to begin soon."}
{"1781": "\n\nBased on the articles I have read, it seems that IV is determined by analyzing the pricing of options. This process takes into account all available information at the time of analysis. However, when a particular option is traded in unusually high volume at a specific price, it suggests that the trader believes there is information that has not yet been reflected in the current price. By acting on this information, the trader hopes to profit from future events."}
{"1782": "\n\nBased on my experience working at a startup that granted Incentive Stock Options (ISOs), here are some things I wish I had known. Firstly, I early-exercised a portion of my options when the fair market value was close to my strike price to minimize Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT), which required paying out-of-pocket. Despite looking into services like EquityZen or Equidate, I found that they solely facilitated share sales after obtaining ownership, and did not offer loans for exercising. Furthermore, I stayed at the startup long enough for my vested portion of the ISOs to count as long-term capital gains, but found no success in selling them on EquityZen or Equidate due to their transaction minimums. While initial contact with EquityZen was helpful, the company response later became dismissive towards my small stock request. Equidate was a bit more receptive, but pooling shares with other employees did not eventually happen. Thus, my advice is to identify your company's minimum specifics before committing to any cash payment for liquidity. Eventually, I brought the request back to the company and they helped connect me with an external buyer to complete the transaction. As for employer approval, it is reasonable to assume that a company would allow it as employees who pay to exercise own the shares. It is not in the company's best interest for shares to become illiquid on the secondary market, as it sends a negative signal to investors and future employees."}
{"1783": "\n\nAlthough it may seem tempting to offer financial services for compensation, there are several complicated issues to consider such as taxes, liability, fiduciary responsibility, and licensing. Additionally, if you are seeking advice on whether or not you should offer these services, it might be an indication that you are not qualified to do so. Therefore, it is advisable to let someone else who is qualified to handle these affairs do so instead."}
{"1784": "\n\nBill Gates, along with his friend Allen, is the founder of Microsoft. As its vast empire expands, the wealth and property of Bill Gates continue to grow enormously."}
{"1785": "\n\nRevised: Investing in US Treasury securities is considered the safest option, with short-term investments available through the purchase of T-Bills. T-Bills are bought at a discount, such as a four-week T-Bill that requires $99.98 upfront, and yields a $100 deposit after four weeks, with a $0.02 profit on the loan, which adds up to a compounded interest rate of 0.24% over one year (13 four-week periods). More importantly, the investment guarantees the return of the original $99.98, as the US Government cannot nationalize such funds. Please note: the compounded rate of interest figure was initially incorrect, and has now been fixed."}
{"1786": "\n\nIn reference to the UK, it is important to note that structured deposits should not be confused with structured products. Typically, structured deposits are relatively simple deposit accounts that guarantee the safety of your capital, much like any other deposit account. The primary appeal of structured deposits lies in the potential to earn higher returns than those offered by standard deposit accounts - often double - through indirect exposure to the markets. Additionally, structured deposits can be utilized as part of your annual cash ISA allowance, resulting in potentially tax-free returns. These products are favored by individuals with long-term savings, who are content with storing funds away for three to six years, and are seeking stronger returns than those offered through traditional cash ISAs or savings accounts. It is worth mentioning the primary disadvantage of structured deposits, namely, that you may not receive any additional returns other than your original deposit. However, this poses minimal risk if your savings are currently earning less than 1%. For a comprehensive overview of structured deposits, please visit my article at financialandrew.blogspot.co.uk/2013/03/fed-up-with-low-returns-from-cash-isas.html."}
{"1787": "\n\nI believe the accurate statement is that Expedia intends to acquire Orbitz for $12 per share. Although the current market rate is $11, indicating the existence of a seller at that price, one cannot assume that everyone is willing to sell at this price. To obtain a controlling interest, Expedia is improbable to bid $12 a share for only 40% of Orbitz's shares."}
{"1788": "\n\nRevised text: Generally, renting out a basement unit would cost less than leasing a comparable space on an upper floor. It is important to report both the income and expenses associated with the rental property using schedule E as if it were a legal operation. Al Capone's conviction for tax evasion rather than his other illegal ventures serves as a cautionary tale. As long as the rental unit is run as a legitimate business, there should be no issues with the IRS. However, the local building authority may impose financial penalties if they discover any violations."}
{"1789": "\n\nAssuming you are referring to US Savings Bonds, please find below information on maturity dates and redeeming them. For Electronic bonds, you can log in to Treasury Direct and follow the instructions there. The cash amount can be credited to your savings or checking account within one business day from the redemption date. Paper bonds can be cashed at most local financial institutions, so you need to check with banks in your area. Prior to redeeming the paper bonds, it's recommended to check with the financial institution to determine what identification and other documents are required. You will be asked to show your identity when you present the paper bonds. You can do this by having an active account with the financial institution that will pay the bonds for at least six months, or presenting acceptable identification such as a valid driver's license if the redemption value is less than $1,000. If you are not listed as the owner or co-owner of the bond, you'll have to prove that you're entitled to cash in the bond. The Treasury Direct website also provides information on converting bonds, rules regarding using them for education, and how interest is credited."}
{"1790": "\n\nI recommend considering a few different options for borrowing the required funds. Firstly, approaching a trusted friend or family member for an interest-free loan and discussing the repayment schedule can be a good solution. Alternatively, if you have any valuable assets like a house or stocks, you could use them as collateral to secure a $5000 cash loan from a bank. Additionally, you may want to explore peer-to-peer lending sites as another potential avenue for borrowing money from individuals instead of banks."}
{"1791": "\n\nIt looks like we share a preference for the trading method of \"buy low, sell high\". However, it's worth noting that some investors have a different approach, known as \"buy high, sell higher\". This involves seeking out stocks that have recently increased in value, indicating that they are \"in motion\" and likely to continue rising. Some investors prioritize stocks that not only rise but do so quickly. \n\nWhile the \"buy low, sell high\" strategy can be effective, it requires patience as stocks can remain low for extended periods. As such, it's a better fit for investors like us who are willing to wait for the right opportunity to sell."}
{"1792": "\n\nAs Dilip pointed out in the comment section, investing in commodities involves either taking delivery or buying. For instance, let's assume you decide to buy a certain quantity of Soybeans in November, and the contract was established in May. If the price increases above your purchase price by November, you can sell it for a profit. On the other hand, if the November price is lower than the contract price, you can opt to sell it at a loss, or you can arrange for your transportation and store it in a warehouse. Although some companies can let you rent their warehouses, it may quickly become a loss-making proposition. By holding onto the commodities, you can keep them as long as you want, subject to the shelf life of the goods. Purchasing contracts make sense for large wholesalers because they can acquire fixed prices for at least 50% of the stock they need. Similarly, significant farmers and cooperative societies have to enter into selling contracts to shield themselves against price fluctuations."}
{"1793": "\n\nYes, it is possible to open a business account with Alliant Credit Union despite potential red tape. The signup process is entirely online, and their representatives can be reached via email. You will need to submit your LLC articles through their website at http://www.alliantcu.com/checking-accounts.html (note that there is a separate business checking tab that some might overlook). Don't be discouraged by the regulations that some larger banks may cite without evidence - there are plenty of banks that won't give you any trouble. Good luck!"}
{"1794": "\n\nWhile it is true that you are saving to purchase residential property, it's important to also understand the sectoral components of the real estate market. There are also commercial, industrial, and retail properties, each of which may have slightly different returns, yields, and risks. Valuation principles can also vary within each sector. It's worth noting that buying a home, although involving real estate risk, typically isn't considered an investment because it's often governed by emotional factors rather than strict investment criteria."}
{"1795": "\n\nIn addition to the reasons stated in previous responses regarding company-specific annual business cycles and historical factors, there is another crucial factor to consider. Accounting firms typically experience a high influx of work during January, February, and March when companies are closing their calendar-year books and conducting audits. By selecting a different period for the fiscal year-end, companies may benefit from the availability of accounting firms and potentially reduce auditing expenses."}
{"1796": "\n\nThe term \"BATS\" refers to the fact that your data feed is exclusively sourced from BATS. As a result, you may not have access to the most current prices from other ECNs like NASDAQ or NYSE. Though BATS usually offers up-to-date pricing for highly liquid equities like AAPL, this may not always be the case for less liquid stocks. To access live feeds from every ECN, you will need to pay for the information. However, BATS provides this information for free, which is why you are able to see it currently. While AAPL is listed on NASDAQ, you can trade nearly any security on BATS, just as you would on any other exchange or ECN."}
{"1797": "\n\n\"What is the best form of investment? It depends on your specific goals and financial situation. To start, it is important to become familiar with the idea of portfolio diversification and managing risk, particularly in today's volatile market. Consider exploring index-based ETFs and balanced mutual funds as beginner investment options. In the US, there are several online brokerage companies that offer discounted rates, as well as training and knowledge centers for investors. Additionally, some companies provide demo accounts allowing you to invest with virtual money and become comfortable with the investing process.\""}
{"1798": "\n\nAfter entering bankruptcy, the company changed its stock symbol from AAMR to AAMRQ, indicating to investors that the company is in bankruptcy. According to the SEC, when a company files for bankruptcy, the letter \"Q\" is added to the end of the company's stock ticker symbol. In most cases, when a company emerges from bankruptcy, the existing equity stock is canceled, rendering the old shares worthless. Investors should read the company's proposed plan of reorganization before purchasing stock in a bankrupt company since the risks involve never recovering or the old shares having no value to the new company. Some investors mistakenly purchased shares of Tweeter Home Entertainment, a bankrupt Boston-based consumer electronics chain that filed for bankruptcy in 2007, instead of Twitter, resulting in a surge in Tweeter's shares before trading was halted. Although it is possible for the new company to give value to old investors, this is not common as the old investors are often rendered with no value."}
{"1799": "\n\nAt a basis of $8.50, the total profit is $120.00. However, this profit is not paid in cash and therefore, it is not included in the \"total paid.\" At the same basis of $8.50, the actual total profit is $75.00."}
{"1800": "\n\nThe Massachusetts Department of Revenue provides information regarding Massachusetts source income. Firstly, it highlights certain items that do not qualify as Massachusetts gross income, such as non-business related interest, dividends, gains from the sale or exchange of intangibles, and qualified pension income. Secondly, it clarifies that Massachusetts gross income comprises items of income derived within Massachusetts. This includes trade or business, including employment carried on in Massachusetts. It is deemed that a nonresident has a trade or business, including any employment carried on in Massachusetts, under certain conditions. Likewise, a nonresident's presence for business in Massachusetts must meet the Ancillary Activity Test (AAT) and Examples to be considered casual, isolated, and inconsequential. If a nonresident derives income from both Massachusetts and other sources, an apportionment of income is necessary to determine the amount of Massachusetts gross income. \n\nTo determine Massachusetts source income, three common apportionment methods are available, where gross income is multiplied by a specific formula. In conclusion, it is important to note that if a person is purely an employee or contractor and not an owner, they must pay taxes on their Massachusetts income in Massachusetts. This also extends to other sources of income, such as copyrights and real estate. However, if the work is performed outside Massachusetts, one is not required to pay Massachusetts tax on that income. The income's reporting type, whether at 1099 or W-2, does not legally affect the outcome, but it may impact the practical aspect."}
{"1801": "\n\nRevised: If your intention behind using the ESPP is to generate a secure 15% return on part of your income, the following suggestions will be useful. Previously, the advice given to young employees was to prioritize the 401K match over a Roth account. However, with the introduction of Roth 401K accounts, this advice has changed, allowing employees to benefit from both Roth and the maximum match. Therefore, my proposal for your situation is to contribute enough to the 401K to receive the maximum match, while also investing as much as possible in the ESPP. Once you receive the proceeds, consider contributing to an IRA or Roth IRA. However, if you reach the IRA limit, you must decide whether to reduce your ESPP to contribute more to the 401K."}
{"1802": "\n\nIs it true that interest rates increasing will lead to an increase in inflation? This is typically the reverse, as inflation usually causes interest rates to rise. Interest rates represent the willingness of people to spend money in the future rather than the present. If someone lends money for a period of time, they lose the ability to use that money, and need to be offered an incentive in the form of additional money at the end of the period to be enticed to loan it. This additional money is the interest rate. Given the choice between receiving the same amount of money today or in the future, most people would choose the immediate payment, as money in the present is worth more than the same amount of money in the future. Even without currency that can be printed, interest rates would still exist, as people would still prefer to have money today rather than in the future. If a currency is devalued by continued printing, borrowers may charge additional interest to compensate for the loss in purchasing power when they make a loan. It's difficult to compare interest rates and inflation, as inflation is challenging to quantify due to continually changing consumer preferences and the introduction of new products and services."}
{"1803": "\n\nConsider signing up with Credit Karma, a platform that provides two free credit scores and displays credit cards you are likely to be approved for. It also evaluates your credit score, highlighting the six factors that affect it, and provides steps to enhance them or informs you when they would expire. Additionally, you could explore if any \"fresh start\" programs are available at a credit union. Addressing your credit utilization, where you use only 10% of your available credit, could significantly improve your credit score. With these steps, you'll be well on your way to better credit."}
{"1804": "\n\nThough he wasn't entirely incorrect in stating that a mortgage could improve your credit score, it is important to note that this assumes a perfect world in which all parties fulfill their obligations. Unfortunately, your co-signer has failed to do so and you are now legally responsible for the entire loan amount. While it may be difficult to pursue a lawsuit without concrete proof of his verbal agreement, it could be worth seeking the counsel of a lawyer for a preliminary consultation."}
{"1805": "\n\nIn journaling, the folio column is used as a reference for the ledger in which the entry has been posted. This makes it convenient to access and verify if all entries have been correctly posted to the relevant accounts."}
{"1806": "\n\nThe above text has been revised for clarity and accuracy:\n\nThese are the \"correct\" yields, historically low but sensible given the sluggish U.S. and global economic activity of the past decade. If global growth were stronger, yields would also be higher. The economic conditions of the past 10 years are comparable to the depressed 1930s. In my 2004 book, I predicted a stock market crash (which occurred in 2008) and referred to the modern era as the 1930s, but I was incorrect in my assumption that this would manifest as a depression rather than a period of slow growth."}
{"1807": "\n\nIf you're considering cashing a check from 26 years ago, talking to the bank won't be helpful since it's highly unlikely that any bank would honor such an outdated check. In the U.S., checks often have a validity period of only 180 days, which helps maintain simple accounting for companies and banks. If you plan to pursue cashing the check, you may want to consider reaching out to your late husband's former employer. Explain the situation and ask if they would be willing to research the matter and issue a new check in recognition of your husband's contributions to the company. While they are not legally required to do so, they might do it as a gesture of goodwill. When a company does not receive the cashed check, they usually have to reconcile their accounting records, making certain that they have appropriately categorized the funds. While there is no legal obligation to issue a new check, it's worth exploring the option. If the company maintains a policy on stale-dated checks, they might agree to issue a new check as a goodwill gesture. This inquiry raises intriguing questions, and it would be interesting to see feedback from others. I hope the discussion will continue, and good luck in your pursuit."}
{"1808": "\n\nRevised: Don't fall for the Buy and Hope investment strategy, it will only keep you poor. Instead of using your hard-earned money to pay off debt, why not consider using someone else's money? If you have enough for a down payment, purchasing a duplex, triplex, or 4-plex where you live in one unit could be a smart move. You only need 5% down since it's owner-occupied compared to 20% otherwise. This means you can have tenants pay off your mortgage and other debts while living rent-free. However, this strategy can be tricky, so it's best to consult with a mortgage broker who will help find the best deal for you. Before diving into real estate investing, learn about it first. I recommend researching Robert Kiyosaki's \"Rich Dad Poor Dad\" which offers free and paid seminars to teach people how to purchase real estate and make it profitable. While I have found Kiyosaki's methods to work, note that I am not affiliated with him."}
{"1809": "\n\nBegin by reading John Hull's Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives."}
{"1810": "\n\nReuters offers a subscription service that provides financial information not commonly available in typical news feeds. Among the valuable information available is the listing and delisting dates of stocks. In addition, there are customizable report-building tools. While the data can be obtained for free via RSS feeds or the Reuters website, utilizing the custom report feature requires payment. It is worth noting that relisting is a rare occurrence, and there are very few penny stocks that have grown enough to be listed on a major exchange."}
{"1811": "\n\nNo, it's not on Schedule C. It's actually an \"above the line\" deduction that can be found on line 29 of your 1040. You can refer to this TurboTax article for more information. However, you must consider certain limitations as instructed by the line. It's important to note that the deduction is only limited to the net profit from your business. To be eligible for this deduction, one of the following statements must be true: you were self-employed and had a net profit for the year, you were a partner with net earnings from self-employment, you used one of the optional methods to figure your net earnings from self-employment on Schedule SE, you received wages in 2011 from an S corporation in which you were a more-than-2% shareholder, and health insurance premiums paid or reimbursed by the S corporation are shown as wages on Form W-2. Additionally, the insurance plan must be established under your business and your personal services must have been a material income-producing factor in the business. If you are filing Schedule C, C-EZ, or F, the policy can be in either your name or the name of the business."}
{"1812": "\n\nRevised:\n\nAs per the press release, the Offer values each Aspiro share at SEK 1.05, based on the closing share price of SEK 0.66 on 29 January 2015, with a total value of approximately SEK 464 million. This represents a premium of... It appears that the offer is cash-based, and there is no provision to retain the shares. The sudden increase to SEK 11 cannot be explained."}
{"1813": "\n\nRevised: You can negotiate with the buyer to lower the price by the amount you are approved for and arrange to transfer the funds to them through an escrow service."}
{"1814": "\n\nIt's worth considering getting a gas card and using it responsibly for a year. Ensure you make all payments on time. After that, you can reapply for a credit card."}
{"1815": "\n\nI appreciate the responses from others. If you have a significant amount of debt, filing for bankruptcy may be an option, but this can have negative consequences for your financial future. Additionally, it is ethically wrong to borrow money without the intention of paying it back. If you have the funds, paying off the entire balance with a high interest rate of 23% would be wise to eliminate one bill to worry about. For example, if you have been making $100 payments on each card, redirect the additional $100 to lower the remaining balance. Even if you have an investment opportunity or a small emergency fund, it's still worthwhile to focus on reducing debt with high interest rates. Savings accounts with modest interest rates do not outweigh the cost of high-interest debt. If possible, consider opening a zero-interest credit card and transferring the balance. Although there may be a fee, it could help you avoid accruing more interest while working on paying off the balance. Additionally, you may receive cash back from the transfer."}
{"1816": "\n\nThere is an excellent Return vs Risk graph available at riskgrades.com, but it will only be available until 6-30-11, so check it out soon. The RA graph is likely what you are looking for. The graph for \"Average Return\" shows data for a 3-year period, and there are also graphs for 3, 6, and 12-month returns. You can enter ticker symbols for funds or stocks to display data on those investments. For funds, the return includes price and distributions, but for stocks, it only shows price movement. Although Forbes has recognized it as a \"Best of the Web\" site, I have experienced some problems with inaccurate data in the past, and some of these issues were corrected after collaborating with the webmaster. However, lately, they have been less responsive to addressing issues, such as the erroneous Risk Grades displayed for MUTHX, EDITX, and AWSHX, which result in compressed graphs and poor readability. If you are aware of any comparable resources, I would appreciate hearing about them. Thank you. George"}
{"1817": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I cannot understand the context of this text. I suggest providing a broader context so I can provide relevant and meaningful revision suggestions."}
{"1818": "\n\nWhen you sell a stock that you own, you will either realize gains or losses based on the difference between the buying and selling prices. If the gains are realized within a year from the date of purchase, they are treated as short-term gains and are taxed at your marginal tax rate, whereas if they are realized after a year, they are considered long-term gains and are taxed at a lower, preferential rate. It is essential to take into account the losses, as they can offset gains, thereby reducing your tax liability, and they can also be carried forward to the next tax year. \n\nIn situations where you own multiple shares of the same stock bought at various times and prices, you have the flexibility to choose which shares to sell - this approach is referred to as lot matching or order matching. It is advisable to sell the shares that have lost value before those that have gained value to book the losses and decrease the tax liability. Conversely, selling the shares that have increased in value would result in increased taxes. \n\nIf faced with the option of booking short-term or long-term losses, it is better to opt for the former since short-term gains tax is higher than long-term gains tax. Also, when selling remaining shares at a profit, it is best to sell the ones purchased earliest as long-term gains attract lower taxes, thus converting your short-term gains into long-term ones. There is a simple formula to calculate tax paid: (profit - loss) x (tax bracket)."}
{"1819": "\n\nThe current formula is not generating the \"Earnings\" calculation. Instead, it is generating the \"Free Cash Flow from Operations\" calculation. As mentioned by the original commenter, the \"Earnings\" calculation deducts depreciation and amortization. On the other hand, the \"Free Cash Flow from Operations\" formula incorporates these values for separate reasons:"}
{"1820": "\n\nThis depends on how you choose to assess your performance. Here are a few simple examples to start. Let me know if you require more information. If you strive to achieve maximum financial return, then you should always use maximum margin, provided your expected return (%) is higher than your borrowing cost. For instance, if you can double your investment using margin, and the cost to borrow is 7%, and you're investing in a security that expects to return 10%, then your annual return on an account opened with $100 will be: (2 * $100 * 10% - $100 * 7%) / $100 = 13%. Hence, your expected return, amount of leverage, and cost to borrow will all determine your return. \n\nAdditionally, if you want to consider the additional risk, you're taking, you can use the Sharpe Ratio. For instance, suppose the same security has 20% volatility, and the risk-free rate is 5%. In that case, the Sharpe Ratio without leverage is: (10% - 5%) / 20% = 0.25. The Sharpe Ratio using maximum margin, however, is: (13% - 5%) / (2 * 20%) = 0.2 where the 13% comes from the above formula. Therefore, on a risk-adjusted basis, it's better not to utilize margin in this particular example."}
{"1821": "\n\nI have heard that some handyman-type individuals earn a tax-free living by utilizing a specific strategy. They purchase a fixer-upper, reside in the property while making necessary renovations, and then sell the property after two years. If they add value to the property totaling $125k or more, they can potentially earn that amount annually without being taxed. However, it is crucial to beware that this choice may negatively impact one's social security payments during retirement."}
{"1822": "\n\nAfter selling my house, I spent over 6 months searching for a new home. Eventually, I came across a short-term lease that could be switched to a month-to-month arrangement at an equitable rate, as rental properties were scarce. Unfortunately, by the time I found a house, there was stiff competition due to a decrease in supply, which can happen seasonally. Despite bidding wars, appraisers helped to prevent the seller from charging exorbitant prices, and I ultimately secured the property by offering an additional $10k over the asking price. The appraisal later came in $10k lower than my offer, allowing me to purchase the house at a reasonable price. Thankfully, I had done my research and knew what the property was worth. The mortgage cost was the same as my previous lease, and the house came with a 1-year warranty for major repairs. Since moving in three months ago, I've already gained nearly $8k in equity. On top of that, I can expect a $19k tax writeoff, as my salary of $72k will be reduced to taxable income of $53k. Compared to breaking even, my tax liability will lower by around $4600, leaving me with a return of about $5k this year if I have zero dependents."}
{"1823": "\n\nYour notion of creating a distinct account for invoiced income is spot-on. Create a new account categorized as an \"other asset\" and label it \"Receivables\" (or a comparable name). For each client invoice generated, record a credit to this account equal to the invoice amount. When a client pays and you deposit the check, transfer the funds from the \"Receivables\" account to your bank account. \n\nI neglected to recognize that you wanted to account for not-yet-invoiced income. In my opinion, this is not a good idea. It may lead to confusion and create a false impression that your financial situation is more favorable than it truly is. It's not uncommon for businesses with high sales to struggle due to insufficient cash flow (their accounts payable come due before they receive payment from their customers)."}
{"1824": "\n\nI recently read a compelling argument by the Finance Buff in favor of using a financial advisor: http://thefinancebuff.com/the-average-investor-should-use-an-investment-advisor-how-to-find-one.html However, I believe that a 1.5% advisor fee is too costly. Thankfully, the blog post offers several affordable alternatives and suggests utilizing Vanguard's inexpensive financial planning service if you opt for that platform. Investing advice often neglects to acknowledge the emotional element of financial decision making. Although it would be ideal to rebalance one's portfolio at exact six-month intervals and assume the precise amount of risk for optimal returns, real-life human behavior isn't quite so predictable. We must recognize that the average investor often pulls out of the market when it hits rock bottom and buys when it hits its peak. While we may know what's best, fear, greed, and laziness often get the better of us. Therefore, we shouldn't rely solely on our investment strategy any more than we should rely on our diet and exercise regime. I suggest using a balanced fund rather than a financial advisor, but I acknowledge the potential value in having a trustworthy advisor. It's important to remember that the main risk in investing is oneself. Fear, greed, and laziness are formidable adversaries. We must factor in the human component when making financial decisions. To learn more about using a financial advisor beyond investments, check out: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money?"}
{"1825": "\n\nIdeally, stock prices remain unchanged leading up to an earnings announcement, and then move in the direction of the earnings surprise at the time of the announcement. However, in reality, stock prices tend to shift slightly towards the surprise just before the announcement, and this may be due to illegal information leaks or savvy investors replicating computations to predict the announcement. Option market hedging does not impact stock prices as it involves transferring risk between parties, but it could slightly increase option prices through greater implied volatility. Therefore, bullet point A is not applicable. Following the announcement, stock price behavior is interesting due to the post-earnings announcement drift, whereby it takes time for the price to reach the correct level, rather than jumping directly to it as expected by economists."}
{"1826": "\n\nIn my opinion, the appropriate action depends on certain factors. Firstly, what are the total assets of the person involved? It may not be unreasonable to have 10% of their money invested in something like this, but having their entire portfolio in it would be unwise. Secondly, can they reduce their exposure to this account without incurring any penalties such as withdrawing 10% of the total amount? The manager should be following the client's directions. If they are unable to persuade the manager to reallocate their investments into something more suitable, then the client should explore whether the manager is complying with legal regulations."}
{"1827": "\n\nCorporations are not allowed to directly participate in the options markets and cannot prevent others from trading them, despite local regulations. The US options market is the most active internationally, with many countries not even offering options trading and some only allowing similar derivatives. Canadian finance regulations are more restrictive compared to the US, especially when it comes to options eligibility. The Canadian top 25% rule can exclude smaller, highly liquid companies that would still meet US eligibility criteria due to less restrictive quotas."}
{"1828": "\n\nI believe that the phrase \"take over payments\" has its roots in the practice of assumable mortgages, which used to be quite common. With this type of financing, the buyer could assume the terms and outstanding balance of the seller's mortgage, effectively making it their own. As Investopedia explains, an assumable mortgage is a financing arrangement that allows the terms and outstanding debt of a mortgage to be transferred from the seller to the buyer. This can be an attractive option for buyers, as it allows them to avoid the need to secure a mortgage of their own."}
{"1829": "\n\nConsider transferring your money into gold if you don't require it for the foreseeable future. Currently, purchasing gold is a wise move since the price is unlikely to drop significantly. The employment cycle has already reached its lowest point, and the world is beginning to experience a depression that may take up to two years to fully take hold."}
{"1830": "\n\nThere are several asset allocation strategies available that outperform lifestyle funds. One such strategy is the Relative Strength Asset Allocation, which places your money in stocks during their strong performance, bonds when they are outperforming stocks, and cash when both bonds and stocks are underperforming. The portfolio is rebalanced on a monthly basis."}
{"1831": "\n\nIt appears you have a few questions. Firstly, why is gold chosen as money? In a free market, good money has five characteristics, which gold and silver meet. Diamonds are not easily divisible, while copper, iron, and lead are not scarce enough, and paper is too common. Interestingly, silver has historically been used more for money than gold.\n\nRegarding international trade and gold as money, governments typically issue currency that is backed by gold. When someone spends USD to purchase goods from another country, they can redeem the currency for gold or spend it in the US. If a government issues more currency than it has gold, the gold will start to flow to other countries as those citizens redeem the over-issued currency. The Federal Reserve, IMF, and Bank of International Settlements are all involved in the current system; however, some believe this system is coming to an end.\n\nAs for who creates and supervises modern global economy procedures, the Federal Reserve, IMF, and Bank of International Settlements all have a role, especially as the US dollar serves as the reserve currency for central banks worldwide. However, many believe this system may soon undergo significant changes."}
{"1832": "\n\nRevised: The company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock. Therefore, issuing 102M shares is not possible. The common stock has a par value of $0.01 per share and the company has authorized 100,000,000 shares, with 51,970,721 and 51,575,743 shares already issued. Looking at the right two columns clarifies this information. Please note that the outstanding share numbers are listed in thousands, except for the actual share amounts. As of September 30, 2014, the outstanding share amount was 51,970,721, which rounds off to 520 after multiplying by $0.01. As of June 30, 2014, the outstanding share amount was 51,575,743, which rounds off to 516 after multiplying by $0.01."}
{"1833": "\n\nThe extent to which a statement is considered positive or negative is subjective and varies from person to person. There is no definitive right or wrong answer. However, it is crucial to keep in mind a couple of points of caution:"}
{"1834": "\n\nThe impact on the Canadian economy depends on its orientation towards exports or imports. Currently, there are similar levels of both. However, the stronger Canadian dollar will likely increase export costs, while decreasing import costs. Further analysis is necessary to evaluate the specific impact on goods. Additionally, Canadian investors may find it more cost-effective to invest abroad, causing investment to flow away from Canada. Conversely, foreign investors may be deterred from investing in Canada due to higher costs. The government could react by reducing interest rates to encourage investment in Canada. The ultimate outcome of these changes is difficult to predict due to the many variables in play. In summary, Canadian exporters may struggle while importers benefit, and the opposite may occur for foreign investors."}
{"1835": "\n\nUnder certain circumstances, a mere piece of paper stating that \"John Doe borrowed Josh Shoe $100\" may not suffice as evidence to substantiate a loan. This is particularly true in the Czech Republic, and probably applicable to other countries as well. It is therefore imperative that the accompanying documentation includes specific details, such as the repair date. The absence of this essential information can complicate your position when attempting to reclaim the loan. Furthermore, there is a time limit, after which, you lose the ability to legally compel the individual to repay what is owed. If the debt still persists then it may be necessary to file a case in court within a stipulated period."}
{"1836": "\n\nTo ensure you pay taxes on your income not received as wages from an employer who handles PAYE/NI contributions, you must register as a self-employed sole trader. Alternatively, forming a limited company grants you the flexibility to receive payment as either wages or dividends, although determining the best option can be challenging and varies yearly. Check out the HMRC website for copious amounts of guidance."}
{"1837": "\n\nBitcoins are highly liquid, making them easy to sell or spend. Plus, with the option to store them in an offline wallet, you don't need to rely on the financial stability of banks to keep your funds safe. However, it's unclear what the legal status of Bitcoin is in Russia."}
{"1838": "\n\nRevise: Google the phrase \"valid for work\" and discover that your SSN is valid for many purposes, including obtaining work. However, it must be accompanied by DHS authorization. It seems that proper comma usage is becoming a lost art."}
{"1839": "\n\nCan this indicator be used solely for short-term trades? Firstly, this indicator is most effective during trends, while oscillators excel in range markets. Therefore, it can be used for long-term as well as short-term trades. However, it is essential to consider market direction before relying solely on any indicator. In a range market, no indicator will significantly help, so it is important to analyze the market conditions first. If it is usable for long-term trades, should I modify the parameters used such as only utilizing SMMA (5,8,13)? The parameters can be adjusted according to your trading style. Nonetheless, it is crucial to remember that trading is a complex process, and one should never make trading decisions solely based on indicators. It is always recommended to use an oscillator to filter out false trading signals."}
{"1840": "\n\nRevise:\n\nBegin your financial journey by putting your budget on paper using a spreadsheet or a tool of your choice, such as Mint, YNAB, or Excel. Keep a record of every penny you spend for a few months as it helps streamline your financial conversation. A simple strategy is to pay yourself first. Dedicate $100 per month, or $25 per paycheck to a separate account that you don't access. Then, use the remaining amount for your expenses. Plan your meals in advance, and opt for inexpensive protein-rich foods such as eggs, oatmeal, and tuna. If you're caught up, you can even afford to live off cheap staples such as ramen and peanut butter temporarily. According to Dave Ramsey, you can begin with his baby steps, although his methods don't apply to everyone. YNAB's budgeting methodology helped me get out of my financial troubles, and their website offers free classes where budgeting is deemed a planning process rather than just tracking expenses. Good luck!"}
{"1841": "\n\nTypically, bank transactions, except for wire transfers, are processed in batches overnight. Therefore, the credit card company cannot verify your transfer until the next business day. In some cases, it may take even longer for them to receive the funds."}
{"1842": "\n\nThis happens frequently and is entirely possible. In the United States, credit card companies frequently offer promotional deals where customers can avoid paying interest on their balance for a certain period, usually to incentivize new customers to sign up. While lenders gain new consumers through such offers, they also earn money from merchant fees for credit card transactions. The benefit of this promotional offer is certainly free money, but the drawback is that it usually lasts for a brief time (the longest period I've seen is 15 months). Afterward, if you aren't careful, you could be subject to high interest rates. In some scenarios, interest may be retroactively applied to the entire period if you fail to pay off the balance or miss the minimum payment."}
{"1843": "\n\nRevised: Making a decision without complete contract details can be challenging. In general, I would advise against relying on financial \"advisors\" like tecis or other pyramid selling companies (\"Strukturvertriebe\" in German). These companies typically offer a limited range of products, often promoting only 1 or 2 products as the best fit for clients. As an alternative, I would recommend seeking out an experienced insurance broker, who is trained to offer any product. In your situation, if you already have a maxed-out Riester product, purchasing another private insurance without any aid may not be necessary. While the insurance construction can save some taxes, it does come with a premium. Instead, investing in funds such as ETFs on your own may be a better option. Ultimately, you should weigh the costs incurred by the insurance construction against any potential benefits to determine if it's worthwhile for you."}
{"1844": "\n\nSocial Security was established to provide support for individuals facing financial challenges. Although it may only provide a modest income, it can be complemented by a position as a Walmart greeter. While this may not be sufficient to prevent homelessness, it can help to alleviate some financial difficulties but may require sacrifices in regards to some luxuries we often take for granted."}
{"1845": "\n\nAn alternative can be to remain in your current location."}
{"1846": "\n\nRewritten: In my opinion, it appears that both the blue and pinkish lines on the chart were drawn by hand. The blue line represents 'higher lows' while the pinkish line denotes 'higher highs'. When combined, they create a trading channel that can serve as a predictor of future prices (unless unforeseen circumstances arise). However, since the price broke out above the trading channel earlier this year (as evidenced by the increase in volume at the time), something must have occurred to drive up the value of the stock. This could be attributed to recent news, which likely explains the price breakout. At present, the chart indicates that the stock price is seeking equilibrium; hence, it's expected to be volatile in the forthcoming days or weeks."}
{"1847": "\n\nI found myself in a comparable situation and sought refuge in FX trading to mitigate currency fluctuations. I purchased the \"new\" currency when my \"old\" currency's PPP implied valuation was high and saved a significant amount of purchasing power that I would have otherwise lost. Regrettably, the profits came with taxes, but the hedge proved useful nonetheless. As far as the housing market, you could explore an Irish real estate investment trust (REIT) index, but it might not align well with the housing prices you're targeting."}
{"1848": "\n\nIn May 2017, Quid keenly identified the 1:7 reverse split which means that shareholders have 1/7 of the amount of shares but the value of each share is worth 7 times as much. For instance, a share worth $3.78 now was worth $0.54 a month ago. Consequently, a call option with a $2.50 strike a month ago, which is now the equivalent of a call with a $17.50 strike, was well out-of-the-money. Therefore, a $17.50 call with a $3.78 underlying (or a $2.50 call with a $0.54 underlying) would reasonably be worth only 5 cents. Hence, the quote is likely a stale quote that existed pre-split and hasn't been adjusted by the provider.\n\nRegarding the inexpensively priced calls, it is unclear why they are cheap. It could be because the stock price has been decreasing since 2000 or because investors do not expect the value to rise above $2.50 in the next month. Furthermore, the company has been losing cash for the past four years, leading to a 'strong sell' rating by some analysts. NASDAQ does not list any options for the stock, suggesting that it may be an OTC trade. The option broker may have manufactured the quote since it does not seem valid. However, if one is willing to take a gamble, they can buy calls on 1,000 shares for $0.05 with an ask size of 10, risking $50."}
{"1849": "\n\nConsider utilizing Google Finance Screener, which allows you to narrow your search to NASDAQ and NYSE exchanges through filtering."}
{"1850": "\n\n\nTypically, the ADR fee is deducted from dividend payments and is not significant. I am personally acquainted with the ADR for Vodafone (VOD), which disburses dividends bi-annually, and deducts either $0.01 or $0.02 for each share. However, in my opinion, the ADR fee is not a decisive factor. Nevertheless, ADRs are associated with certain drawbacks."}
{"1851": "\n\nThe advice provided on this site suggests getting pre-approved for a loan from your bank or credit union prior to visiting a dealership. By doing so, you have a reference point for negotiation. You will know what your bank is willing to loan you, the interest rate, the loan term, and the monthly payment. Armed with this information, you will be better positioned to negotiate a better deal with the dealer. \n\nIt's true that most dealership ads exclude tax, tag, and registration fees since these are set by the government and are the same for all dealerships. However, the phrases \"must finance through company x with approved credit\" are included to ensure that the dealership makes more profit from the interest and fees charged. However, this may not necessarily be the best deal. The interest rate may be high, the loan term may be long and there may be additional fees and penalties for early repayment. \n\nDealerships may try to push financing through them, but their resistance to negotiating on the price could mean that there are short-term incentives for Toyota Finance. However, this could mean that potential buyers may shop around and choose another dealer. If the dealership won't negotiate the cash price, it is advisable to try another dealer who might be more accommodating. Depending on the interest rates offered, financing through your bank at the cash price could save you more money compared to the dealer's loan. \n\nA few additional points to consider include being willing to drive further for warranty work, choosing to purchase a one or two-year-old car from a dealership that specializes in used cars, where they may have received the used car as a trade-in."}
{"1852": "\n\nGenerally, prices and rates have an inverse relationship. However, accurately predicting interest rates is crucial for effectively managing a large credit derivative hedge fund. It is important to note that interest rates in Canada can still increase, considering the current global resource downturn and the United States\u2019 increasing oil exports, which Canada heavily relies on. Furthermore, claiming that Canada has the most overpriced real estate is an oversight as China has entire cities with high prices and no occupants. A 10-20 percent drop in real estate prices could cause a financial crisis, especially since mortgage rates are currently at 2.5 percent. A mere one to two hundred basis point rise could lead to a nearly 50% drop in real estate prices, assuming interest payments remained constant. Canada would need to significantly boost its economy or experience a sudden collapse of oil prices to encourage the central bank to sharply increase rates. The perpetuity formula (p= i/r) is commonly used to manipulate the relationship between prices and rates, but it is less applicable to Canadian mortgages that typically mature in ten years at fixed rates. Therefore, the most likely cause of a collapse in real estate prices is a financial crisis as discussed above."}
{"1853": "\n\nIf you have a Solo 401(k), you can fund it using cash or shares from your own company. However, you cannot transfer other assets such as ISOs from previous employers. While this may be desirable, it is not allowed due to self-dealing regulations. Thus, transferring ISOs into your Solo 401(k) is not an option. As littleadv notes, exercising the ISOs without transferring them into the 401(k) will result in gains that you cannot hide in the account. Therefore, the perceived tax benefits of transferring ISOs into a Solo 401(k) are not possible."}
{"1854": "\n\nConsider the following perspective: By waiting to exercise, you may acquire more knowledge and information, which can give you greater confidence in your ability to sell at a higher price with minimized risk. While this is certainly true, exercising earlier can also offer advantages. For instance, exercising early may result in you paying lower income tax due to the lower fair market value of the stock. Furthermore, if the company's value reaches a peak, exercising earlier can still enable you to sell and enjoy the tax benefits. Exercising early can help you avoid the potential nightmare scenario in which you leave the company and cannot afford to exercise your options due to tax implications. Additionally, exercising early may be less risky in some scenarios. For example, if you work for a privately held company, and you anticipate staying for a while, but not sure when the company will go public or be acquired, exercising early can be wise. In such cases, exercising early can result in a lower tax bill since the fair market value is currently low. Subsequently, when you leave in a year, you will not have to choose between losing your options or borrowing to pay much higher taxes."}
{"1855": "\n\nThe standard recommendation is to invest your age in bonds and the rest in stocks (preferably index funds). So, for example, if you're 25, you would have 75% in a stock index fund and 25% in a bond index. It's wise to keep bonds in your tax-sheltered 401k and reserve taxable investments for stocks. When evaluating funds, you should pay attention to expense ratios. For instance, Vanguard's SP 500 index boasts an expense ratio of 0.17%. Alternatively, many mutual funds charge around 1.5%, meaning that each year, 1.5% of the fund total goes to the fund manager(s), regardless of the market's performance. Since you're young, it's crucial to learn about personal finance as much as possible. There are numerous valuable books and websites, but for rational, straightforward investment advice, bogleheads.org is an excellent starting point. Assuming that you'd like to establish a stable strategy without needing to tinker with it constantly, I'd suggest two books. However, the issue with many financial strategies is that either they don't work (e.g. attempting to time the market) or they are overly complicated to derive value from (e.g. excessive portfolio diversification). In terms of asset allocation and investment strategy, I've benefited significantly from the boglehead forums. Good luck!"}
{"1856": "\n\nYour mileage may vary, but I find it unacceptable to receive non-answers from HR. In such cases, it may be necessary to escalate the matter. When confronted with this situation, I usually bring the issue to my boss who then poses the question in writing and is typically provided with a more satisfactory response. It is often the case that HR tends to be more forthcoming with information when communicating with managers as opposed to employees. On occasion, the issue may need to be taken up with senior management, as policies that have potentially negative consequences, such as the potential loss of a valuable employee if they are close to retirement and need to continue making significant contributions, may be more effectively addressed when challenged by higher-ups. Naturally, having a supportive and proactive boss can make a significant difference in how one approaches these types of problems."}
{"1857": "\n\nYou can give YQL a try to see if it can perform the query you want. For instance, you can perform the following query: (try it here). The best thing about YQL is that it's completely free."}
{"1858": "\n\nOne reason is leverage. When purchasing out-of-the-money options, you can potentially earn a higher return on investment if the stock moves in your favor. However, it's important to note that there is also a higher risk of losing your entire investment."}
{"1859": "\n\nRevised: \n\nAn economic bubble occurs when the economy is in a bull market mode and asset prices are rapidly increasing, measured by ratios such as price-to-earnings and various market indices. The opposite of this would be a significant decline in valuations, low price-to-earnings ratios, and a general economic downturn, commonly referred to as a recession. If a recession persists for an extended period, it can become a depression, as happened during the Great Depression of the 1930s.\n\nAlthough a bubble can result in tremendous gains in stock prices and paper wealth, it is not always a positive development. Being able to get out before the bubble bursts is the key to success. Similarly, while some investors hold cash in anticipation of recessions to \"buy low, sell high,\" most people are negatively affected by recessions. Unemployment rises, and some people lose their jobs. Asset prices fall, and investments may lose value. As a result, many people have to wait out the recession until the market begins to grow once again."}
{"1860": "\n\nThe expense ratio is not a charge that you would have to pay. However, if you purchase ETF shares for a long-term investment, the expense ratio may reduce your dividends. You can find information about this charge in general. In case of short selling, you will need to compensate for any dividends from underlying stocks. This is because, when you repurchase the shares, it should seem as if they were never absent in the first place. Authorized participants are responsible for making any necessary changes to the underlying structure."}
{"1861": "\n\nIn general, bank accounts and credit card accounts tend to stay open after a person's death. It's not standard practice for banks and credit card companies to monitor public records daily. Instead, the person handling the estate must acquire copies of the death certificate and search through physical records to identify all active accounts. To facilitate this process, it is advisable to organize one's financial records beforehand; there are resources available on this topic. The executor will then communicate with banks and credit card companies to ensure any pending transactions go through and to close or transfer autopayments. They will also notify credit agencies to flag the deceased's accounts to discourage new ones from being created. Multiple copies of the death certificate will be necessary."}
{"1862": "\n\nI strongly disagree. It's simple to establish a correlation between home prices and various factors such as size, location, school district, condition, and property taxes, which real estate professionals and government assessors use to determine property values. The composition of a residence plays a significant role in its attractiveness to prospective buyers. Furthermore, when combined with the costs and accessibility of available capital, house prices appear to be highly predictable."}
{"1863": "\n\nOptions inherently have leverage, meaning their profit or loss is multiplied. The degree of leverage is determined by the options strike compared to the current share price and the time until expiration. Investing in options is more challenging than stocks because you must accurately predict both the future price movement and timing. Unlike stocks, where an unrealized loss can become a profit over time, profits or losses with options become definite rapidly. As a professional options trader, my best advice for beginners is to purchase significantly in-the-money options for both calls and puts. This approach provides better leverage than buying or selling shares outright, while minimizing the chance of losing the premium. Deeply in-the-money options also reduce a constant loss of value as you wait for the expected move. Options market-makers avoid trading in fairly- to deeply-ITM options because they offer neither large nor easy premiums. By dealing only in ITM options initially, you can avoid being the average novice. Some investors believe that long-expiration options that are not in-the-money could provide similar benefits, but with significant time value that slowly erodes your investment every day, it is not a practical solution. I recommend only dealing in deeply- to fairly-ITM options with expirations of 1-4 months, depending on your desired level of risk."}
{"1864": "\n\nThere is no universal method for referencing a stock. There are four main identifiers, each with various exchange tickers (refer to xkcd: Standards for examples). While CUSIPs and ISINs represent a specific security, rather than a listed instrument, it is possible to have two listed instruments with the same ISIN but different SEDOLs due to differing listings. This nuance can create issues with settlements. To address your inquiry (my apologies for the diversion), please consult the CQS Symbol convention to decode pertinent information."}
{"1865": "\n\nRevised: Investing in bonds within tax-advantaged accounts is highly recommended because they are not tax-efficient. Bonds mostly generate regular, periodic distributions instead of an increase in value like stocks or stock funds. With stocks, you have the privilege of realizing all the appreciation at a time that is most advantageous for you from a tax perspective. Moreover, stock dividends usually have lower tax rates. For more detailed information, refer to Tax-efficient fund placement."}
{"1866": "\n\nRevised: If I'm not mistaken, tracking a value-weighted index should be easy - you simply buy the shares in the exact amount they appear in the index and wait. However, in practice, it can be difficult. Most funds that track the S&P 500, for example, do it on a sample basis to maintain the fund size. Although I don't know the exact number, one would need close to a billion dollars in fund size to replicate the 500 stocks in the same percentages. Therefore, various strategies are adopted, such as sampling companies or selecting a set of companies that mimic the S&P's behavior. All these strategies may result in tracking errors, but there are algorithms to reduce them. Rebalancing your holdings is necessary only when there's a change in the index, such as a company being dropped or a new one added. Despite this, passive ETFs still require frequent rebalancing, and generally lose to their benchmark index. \n\nFor example, let's take an index with just three companies, and let's say the total market cap is $1,000. The minimum required amount to mimic this index is $200 or multiples of $200. However, most funds can't be this large. Approximately 100 funds track the S&P Index, and together they hold around 8-10% of the market cap. However, few large funds such as Vanguard may hold around 2% while most of the 100+ S&P funds hold something in the 0.1 to 0.5 range. If a fund only has $100 to invest, it has to buy shares in fractions, which may force the fund manager to allocate out of proportion or leave some cash unused. This leads to a tracking error, and the fund may not truly mimic the index. \n\nAfter April 1, if the share price moves, it may cause more or less tracking error if no action is taken. For instance, selling one share of company B and purchasing one share of company C would reduce tracking error. However, this is a simplified view, and tracking error computation is involved mathematics. Therefore, to track the S&P 500, fund managers require frequent rebalancing."}
{"1867": "\n\nI believe there may be some confusion between forward-looking statements and actual results. The objective of the fund is to primarily invest in stocks that offer current dividends, focusing on high-quality companies with potential for long-term growth in earnings and willingness to increase dividends over time. In 1993, several companies paid dividends, resulting in VDIGX being able to distribute dividends. However, the amount distributed in different years varied; for example, in 2000 it gave $1.26, in 1999 it gave $1.71, and in 1998 it gave $1.87.\n\nPresently, economic conditions are such that many companies are not making large profits, and are preferring to hold cash rather than distribute dividends to their shareholders to help them survive the challenging times. It is essential to clarify that the primary objective of this fund is to invest in companies that provide dividends that are passed on to fund holders, without selling appreciated stocks to convert them into dividends."}
{"1868": "\n\nOne of the most tax-efficient methods to obtain cash would be selling stocks from the Fidelity account with minimal capital gains. The tax is generally 15% of the capital gains, which would only be incurred once and save more money than paying a 7.5% loan every year. It is important to note that selling stock options could result in higher taxes, especially if capital gains are high, and some of the profit may even be taxed as income instead of capital gains."}
{"1869": "\n\nTo quickly obtain the beta of a security, Wolfram Alpha is a convenient tool to use, especially if you will not be needing the information for a few days or a week. A sample query for this would be \"BETA for AAPL.\" However, while calculating beta is an essential measure, it should not be solely relied upon, as there are ways to hedge your portfolio's beta. Rather, it should be used in conjunction with other tools to ensure a secure portfolio. A high beta security implies that it generally behaves like the market with a multiplier effect. For capital preservation purposes, a beta close to zero is ideal, while seeking opportunities to exploit alpha."}
{"1870": "\n\nIf no one else has filled the ask and it is still available, then you can purchase at $54.55, provided you have not exceeded your purchasing limit. The \"current price at which the stock is exchanging hands\" can be better referred to as the \"last trading price\" as the exchange negotiates prices between buyers and sellers through managing bids and asks. Actual negotiations occur between bids and asks, and transactions happen if they intersect. The reason why the bid and ask prices move away from the last price is mostly unknown. For market makers, when their sell inventory is decreasing due to heavy buying, they increase their asks while slightly raising their bids as they aim to remain market neutral, balancing their longs and shorts inventory. They try to accommodate the buying pressure while avoiding losses, so they raise their ask price and bid higher once people hit the ask price. There are typically multiple bids and asks, and once one is hit, the next highest in line becomes the new ask. Market makers are known to step over the highest bid to bid at a slightly lower price to get an 11% return on investment. Yahoo finance is excellent for displaying this trading information, as can be seen on BAC's limit book."}
{"1871": "\n\nHere you are: I will leave the final question as additional practice for you."}
{"1872": "\n\nIs selling Vested RSUs the same as selling regular stocks? Yes, it is. Your basis for calculating the gain is what you were taxed on when the RSUs vested. Be sure to check your payslips/W2 from that period, and your employer should have sent detailed information about it. \n\nAs a non-US citizen with an ETrade account holding stocks from a US company, what arrangements should you make to avoid tax issues? You will need to pay capital gains taxes on the sale in Israel. However, depending on your location when you earned the stocks and the taxes paid at that time, it may result in additional issues with the Israeli tax authority. It is recommended to consult with an Israeli tax adviser/accountant to ensure proper compliance."}
{"1873": "\n\nTo expand on this topic, besides speculative investors like hedge funds, companies in the \"real economy\" use forwards (and futures) to secure a particular price in advance or minimize investment risk. According to Investopedia, a currency forward is a binding contract in the foreign exchange market that sets the exchange rate for purchasing or selling currency on a future date. It is a hedging tool that does not require an upfront payment and can be customized based on the amount and delivery period, unlike standardized currency futures. This feature is useful for planning and risk management purposes. For instance, if a company needs to pay $1 million USD in the future, and most of their revenue is in Euros, the amount they need to pay will fluctuate depending on the exchange rate between the two currencies. Therefore, it is beneficial to lock in an exchange rate to determine the exact amount they need to pay relative to their projected revenue. The objective is not necessarily to profit from the transaction but to reduce risk and enhance planning capabilities. Moreover, the fact that a currency forward does not require an upfront payment is an advantage since holding onto cash for a year is not practical. Additionally, savings accounts typically pay less interest than inflation, resulting in a guaranteed loss."}
{"1874": "\n\nThe effectiveness of timing the market, and consequently, the accuracy of the efficient market hypothesis, remains a debated topic within the realm of financial academia. While a significant number of finance professors and experts question the feasibility of timing markets such as NYSE, NASDAQ, or LSE, numerous hedge funds and money managers actively attempt to disprove the EMH. Personally, I believe that the EMH holds true, and that even for individuals who devote their entire lives to attempting to outperform it, timing a highly efficient market like NYSE remains incredibly difficult, if not impossible. Therefore, for individuals whose primary job does not involve investments, I strongly recommend disregarding the idea of timing the markets altogether."}
{"1875": "\n\nThe chart depicts the net profit or loss an investor may realize based on the settlement price of the underlying asset upon expiry, with the x-axis indicating the underlying asset price and the y-axis representing profit or loss. In the first scenario, the investor sells a \"naked put write\" option with a marked strike price \"A.\" The maximum profit, shown as a horizontal segment extending from above the \"A\" point on the x-axis, is equal to the premium received upon selling the option. If the underlying asset settles at a price lower than the strike price, the net profit will transition to a loss; the slope of the diagonal segment represents the extent of the loss relative to the strike price. At the point where the diagonal intersects the x-axis, the net profit is zero.\n\nIn the second scenario, the investor sells a put option with a strike price of \"B\" and purchases a put option with a lower strike price of \"A.\" The chart follows a similar logic as the first example, but the purchased put option at a lower strike price limits the potential loss should the underlying asset depreciate significantly. The horizontal segments above and below the x-axis represent the maximum profit and maximum loss, respectively. The maximum profit is calculated by subtracting the premium paid for the put option at a lower strike price from the premium received for selling the higher strike price option. The maximum loss, in turn, is limited by the premium paid for the put option at a lower strike price, offsetting losses beyond the strike price \"A.\""}
{"1876": "\n\nIt's not unusual for a company as young as yours. From what I can gather, you appear to have debts or accounts payable that were previously paid using the $200 cash but are no longer covered because you paid it to yourself. At present, you're entitled to give yourself a draw or a salary, but if you keep doing so without earning enough to support it, your company won't survive."}
{"1877": "\n\nRevised: While it may be tempting to initiate a chargeback with your bank to resolve a customer service issue, it's important to understand that this function is only meant to address fraud situations such as a stolen or spoofed card, or a vendor acting intentionally fraudulently. To initiate a chargeback, your bank will typically require that you first provide the vendor with an opportunity to rectify the situation themselves, rather than simply giving up after a long hold time. If banks allowed customers to initiate chargebacks for any and all customer service disputes, they would be inundated with requests all day long. Therefore, if you want your money back from a vendor like Comcast, you may need to take other steps like visiting in-person during non-peak hours or posting bad reviews online. When speaking with customer service representatives, always be polite and respectful, recognizing that they didn't necessarily cause the problem. Filing a complaint with the BBB is another option, but may take longer to resolve. In any case, keep in mind that Mastercard won't be able to assist you with resolving customer service issues, as they do not play a role in individual transactions."}
{"1878": "\n\nAlex B's answer covers most of the points, but one critical element is missing. Many companies own their non-public shares, and they have control over who can own them, prohibiting transfers or sales. In some cases, even ex-employees cannot continue to own such shares. Therefore, staying under 500 investors is not particularly challenging. It is crucial to keep in mind that Sharespost is not an exchange or clearinghouse but a bulletin board that provides contract and third-party escrow services. It is reasonable to assume that many of the companies on their \"hot\" list explicitly forbid the sale of non-public shares."}
{"1879": "\n\nDollar cost averaging can be employed in a retirement plan or for purchasing individual stocks. This strategy can boost your returns while mitigating your risk, particularly if you are investing in a specific stock for the first time. Numerous times, I have purchased a stock at a low price only to realize that it drops even lower, resulting in a loss of thousands of dollars. In such situations, one can either sell at a lower price, hold on to the stock or invest more money. I now wish I had eased into my investments slowly as this would have resulted in owning more shares at a reduced cost basis. The stock market is volatile, and it is impossible to predict whether stock prices will increase or decline. In the given example, a loss of $3,000 is equal to the cost of about 300 trades, indicating that trading costs should not be a concern. Therefore, one should invest in individual stocks gradually, gradually taking advantage of the market. Another crucial factor to remember is that dollar cost averaging entails purchasing varying numbers of shares with the same amount of money, reducing the total investment cost. For example, if you spend $2000 on a stock trading at $10 (200 shares), and the stock price climbs to $20, you will spend $2000 and acquire 100 shares. If prices drop to $5, you would spend $2000 and buy 400 shares, acquiring a total of 700 shares for $6,000. In contrast, had you bought 200 shares for $2000 at $10 per share, then 200 shares for $4000 at $20 per share and 200 more shares for $1000 at $5 per share, you would have amassed only 600 shares for your $7000 investment, unlike dollar cost averaging."}
{"1880": "\n\nFirstly, congratulations on effectively managing your finances and paying off your credit cards! It takes a great deal of determination. If your subsequent credit card is only a year newer, it is advisable to go ahead and close this one."}
{"1881": "\n\nThe phrase \"Sell 200 at 142\" refers to the action of selling 200 units at a price of 142. The units could be gallons or barrels of orange juice, or pounds or tons of frozen juice. It can either mean that the seller has 200 units to sell or that they are borrowing 200 units to sell, which is known as a naked short. In this case, it appears that the seller is selling a futures contract. A futures contract involves promising to obtain orange juice by a future date and sell it at an agreed price. People usually make a profit by buying low and selling high, but in this scenario, the seller first sold the units without a supply and later covered their position by purchasing the supply. They profited because the buying price was lower than the selling price. \n\nThe futures market is a necessary tool for orange juice makers as it allows them to sell orange juice at a rate that they can afford to pay for oranges, which growers can then sell at an agreed price. This way, both the grower and the orange juice maker share risks with each other and financiers. With the help of insurance, this system allows for predictable finances. Without it, growers would have to be wealthy to afford the variation in crop yields and prices."}
{"1882": "\n\nRevised: Forex trading is the solution to your inquiry. It is possible to reach a profit of 250K faster than any other investment scheme. However, you must begin with a minimum of 500K."}
{"1883": "\n\nIf this activity were to generate $100,000 in profit and the other corporate activities also generate the same amount in revenue, are there any tax-related concerns I should be aware of? Yes, if your passive income constitutes 25% or more of your total income in three consecutive years, your S-Corp status will be invalidated, and you'll revert to a C-Corp. Can normal business expenses be deducted from the straddles' (which are taxed as short-term capital gains) profit? I don't believe so. Investment expenses can be deducted from investment income, and your individual tax return will balance it out, but different types of income and expenses can't be mixed on the corporate return or K-1."}
{"1884": "\n\nTo monitor the real-time NAV of an ETF, such as SPY, you can check its .IV (intra-day value) ticker. You can find it by visiting the following link: http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=spy or http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=^SPY-IV. In addition, ETF providers typically update their NAV on their own websites at the end of each business day, a perfect example being https://www.spdrs.com/product/fund.seam?ticker=spy."}
{"1885": "\n\nWhen considering Inflation, there are two key factors to keep in mind. Firstly, Inflation is essential to ensure that goods maintain their value. Consider Moore's Law - a mobile phone that costs \u00a3100 today will be valued at \u00a350 in two years. Therefore, it is crucial to balance purchasing power and value to maintain financial stability. For example, if you account for a 2% loss rate, in two years, your \u00a3100 investment will only equate to \u00a396.04 in today's value. However, if you invest in a mobile phone to assist in business operations and generate a profit of \u00a31000 in two years, the initial investment will offset the cost of inflation. \n\nSecondly, Inflation serves as an incentive to encourage spending. If you spend \u00a3100 today, this will generate \u00a3100 of income for someone else who will also be incentivized to spend and stimulate further economic activity. While this may result in a mathematical loss, taking advantage of increasing purchasing power can yield a return on investment and help leverage financial assets more effectively."}
{"1886": "\n\nAlthough COBRA premiums cannot be considered a \"business\" expense, they may be eligible as a medical expense for personal deduction purposes. If you choose to itemize your deductions, you may be able to claim them this way. However, you can only deduct the portion of the premium that exceeds 10% of your AGI. Are you currently a full-time employee or a 1099 contractor? Do you have access to your employer's health plan?"}
{"1887": "\n\nI have been using TradeKing for a few years and I must say that I am thoroughly impressed by it. The platform is excellent, and has been extremely helpful in managing my IRA trading account. The customer service team is always available to answer any queries I may have and have been very valuable in helping me to move money into my account. Having used Scottrade in the past, I can confidently say that TradeKing definitely provides much better value for my money."}
{"1888": "Revised: Many mortgages include penalties for early payment, and some even disallow it entirely. It's understandable why lenders discourage early pay-off. Generally, when borrowers pay off loans early, it's because they have refinanced to a loan with a lower interest rate, usually during a market downturn. However, if the loan is paid off early, lenders are left with two choices: reinvest the money or risk losing it altogether. Unfortunately, reinvesting the payout during a market downturn could result in losses or lower returns, as the rates are unlikely to be as favorable as those on the original loan."}
{"1889": "\n\nYes, you can deposit cash. However, there are a few things to keep in mind. If you deposit more than $10,000 in cash or other negotiable instruments, you'll be asked to complete a Currency Transaction Report (CTR) form. Structuring your deposits to avoid reporting is a serious crime, as explained in the government guidance document linked here. It is important to comply with reporting requirements and not refuse to complete the CTR form. Customs and Border Protection also needs to be reported when bringing in or taking more than $10,000 out of the country, and compliance with laws in other countries is equally important. Depositing cash is not inherently taxable, but some forms of income may be, and unexplained cash income may trigger an IRS audit. There is no government limit on deposits, but individual banks may have their own limits or fees for larger deposits. It is always a good idea to consult with your bank if you have any concerns."}
{"1890": "\n\nThere are several strategies you can use to improve your spending habits. If you frequently regret large purchases, consider implementing rules for yourself before making any purchases over a specific dollar amount that you determine. For instance, if you set the threshold at $50, any item starting at an average price of $51 would be subject to these guidelines.\n\nOne of your goals should be to adopt a mindset that values saving money over spending it. Try to surround yourself with frugal individuals, such as those who prefer game nights and potlucks over expensive dinners and nights out. Embrace the excitement of finding good deals, but focus even more on growing your savings.\n\nHowever, the end goal is not to become miserly. Rather, recognize that accumulating money in the bank can help you achieve your objectives, such as buying your dream home, donating to a cause that is important to you, going on a dream vacation, or purchasing the car you've always wanted with cash. Dave Ramsey aptly stated, \"Live like no one else so you can live like no one else.\""}
{"1891": "\n\n\"When the value of a currency decreases, the prices of commodities sold in that currency tend to increase. In such scenarios, two commodities that often display noticeable changes are oil and gold.\""}
{"1892": "\n\nRevise:\nCreate a detailed promissory note with the help of a lawyer or utilizing an online service for straightforward needs. Be thorough in ensuring that all relevant aspects are covered to protect all parties involved. Use online search resources for additional guidance, as there may be more items to include. Then, take the completed promissory note and vehicle title to the DMV. The title will be transferred to you and held by the DMV until payment of the note is complete. If payment is not made, the seller has the right to legally repossess the vehicle. Adhere to the payment schedule specified in the note to avoid any issues. When payment is complete, the DMV will mail you the car title in your name, allowing you to insure and maintain ownership of the vehicle legally. Your friend is protected as well, since if you default on the note, they can keep any money paid up until that point and regain possession of the vehicle."}
{"1893": "\n\nIn the United States, if you are self-employed, you are likely required to pay Self-Employment Tax. This tax is triggered when your income hits $400 or more. As a self-employed person, you are considered both the employer and the employee and are responsible for paying Social Security and Medicaid taxes. The $400 threshold has remained unchanged since 1990, but the IRS may modify it in the future. To learn more, visit the IRS website. Filing your tax return is required, and the amount you owe will depend on your income. Failing to file may result in breaking the law with legal consequences, even though you may not be audited."}
{"1894": "\n\nHere's what you need to know: There is a way to prevent property damage by implementing a strategy that a previous renter used with us. It may seem a bit sneaky but it's highly effective. If your property is worth it, consider raising the rent slightly higher. However, in order to justify the increased cost, you must ensure that the home is well-maintained, clean, and everything is in working order. This also means being willing to undertake any necessary repairs.\n\nWhile you don't want the rent to be excessively high, a slightly elevated fee is acceptable given that renters who can afford it are typically more responsible and less likely to cause damage. Another good idea to prevent damage is to establish a fee (as our previous renter did) for any necessary cleaning, painting or repairs to be made when tenants move out. It's also advisable to require professional carpet cleaning at the end of a lease.\n\nOur previous tenant, although strict, had a kind disposition and took all necessary measures to keep the property in immaculate condition. He owned a few high-quality, middle-class properties that were well-maintained. Your property could easily be presented as a similar type of business, given your location.\n\nIn the event that a tenant leaves before the lease has ended, you can charge a one to two-month rental fee to find a replacement. To avoid this, however, it's wise to begin searching for new tenants before the lease has expired.\n\nOverall, setting up and maintaining a property using this approach will take some effort, but it's worth considering as a means to prevent damage and protect your investment in the long run."}
{"1895": "\n\nRevised: To report IRA distributions, you should fill out Line 15b on the standard Form 1040. This line is part of the Income section, where you'll also list other income sources, such as wages from W2s and income from 1099s. The total income reported on Line 22 includes your IRA distributions, as well as other income. From this total, you subtract your Personal Exemption (calculated on Line 6d) and the Standard Deduction (listed on Line 40, or the total of Itemized Deductions) to arrive at Line 43, which shows your taxable income. If you're subject to the 10% penalty for early withdrawal, you'll report this on Line 59, and you should not reduce this amount by your deductions."}
{"1896": "\n\nOver a longer period of time, the situation becomes more complex. Although it may appear haphazard, interest rates did not cause the chaos. Real rates sharply decreased in the mid-70s, then saw a massive increase in the early 80s, followed by a gradual decline spanning multiple decades. This leaves only inflation as a factor. In general, real rates should yield a moderate rate, resulting in nominal rates typically being higher than inflation. However, interest rates tend to remain stable over long periods while inflation is not. Economists refer to this as \"sticky pricing,\" where prices, including interest rates, do not fluctuate much, despite changes in the circumstances around them. \n\nThe story is even more complicated. To win an election in the early 1970s, Nixon increased government spending without raising taxes and funded it through the central bank, leading to inflation. The strategy was unsuccessful, but Nixon was reelected anyway. This set the stage for the hyperinflation of the 1970s, which abruptly ended in the early 1980s, during Reagan's presidency. Interest rates remained the same, so real rates skyrocketed. \n\nToday, the world's growth is almost stagnant, and demand for equity is somewhat above average. However, as corporate income decelerates and the population of developed nations ages, the demand for investment income is rapidly increasing. As demand rises, so does the price, which creates an inverse form of the interest rate for an investor. The best forecast for future demand is up to economists, but the Federal Reserve, which has been dominated by monetarist ideas for over a century, has finally learned that low and stable inflation is beneficial. Nevertheless, what happens if US growth suddenly spikes, and the Federal Reserve must sell their heavily bet-upon long-term assets quickly while interest rates increase? A rise in inflation may not be their intention, but it is not impossible."}
{"1897": "\n\nTo avoid the scenario you're describing, one needs to pay close attention to the options market. Typically, an ask of $10 will remain on the books as Good-Til-Canceled overnight. The trader who places the lowest bid first will secure the order. Other traders who are vigilant will most likely bid at $10. However, if they are not paying attention, they may bid at $20, and if their bid overlaps with the initial order, it will be filled at the higher bid price. The exchange where the ask is posted both moderates and implements price-time priority."}
{"1898": "\n\nRevised: When chartering a credit union, it's important to consider the estimated start-up and operating costs. Due to the substantial expenses involved, many groups seek out grant money and non-member deposits (if pre-approved for the low-income designation) to help offset the pre-chartering costs and ongoing operational expenses. Therefore, forming a credit union requires contributions from both members and potential grant funding to ensure a successful and thorough chartering process, which is necessary to start a credit union in the US."}
{"1899": "\n\nRevised: Limit orders are usually a safer option compared to market orders. Market orders execute at the most favorable price offered, which can be risky in volatile stocks with significant bid-ask spreads. However, when entering a limit order, be sure to input the intended price accurately. It is paramount to take one's time in entering orders rather than running the risk of committing errors such as those mentioned in the inquiry."}
{"1900": "\n\nA budget is a predetermined plan for allocating funds to a fixed set of categories according to a specific schedule. If you are simply tracking your spending to see where your money is going and when, then it is not considered budgeting. A budget is subject to three constraints: schedule, amount, and category. For example, a mortgage payment of $1500.00 must be paid by the 1st of each month with a 2-day grace period, and it must be allocated to the category of \"mortgage.\" Tracking your money, on the other hand, involves simply recording your spending, such as $25 for a video game on 10/5/2016, $129.99 for two tires on the same day, and $35.25 for lunch on 10/6/2016. By contrast, the act of budgeting involves adhering to a predetermined plan of allocating funds to specific categories on a regular basis."}
{"1901": "\n\nI am uncertain of your location, however, in the United States, capital gains are taxed at a lower rate compared to other types of income. When filing taxes using form 1040, capital gains income is differentiated from earned income, where the income tax is calculated solely on earned income. Subsequently, capital gains tax is calculated on capital gains income, and eventually added to the calculated income tax."}
{"1902": "\n\nWow, two to three years is quite a long gestation period! Congratulations on taking control of your savings, you're proving yourself to be a responsible and proactive individual, who prioritizes the well-being of themselves and their family. In my opinion, your first priority should be to pay off your car, as buying a car through a loan could lead to financial difficulties. Alternatively, you could sell your current car and seek something to purchase with cash. Your thoughtful approach and planning towards your finances are truly commendable, and sets you apart from others who may not value it as much. \nI'm curious if you're working on your basement in your free time or when work is slow, as it's a great idea to utilize any opportunities to improve upon one's home. Keep up the good work!"}
{"1903": "\n\nIt appears that your current loan is for a new car while a potential refinanced loan would be for a used car. It's important to note that different underwriting standards apply, and used car loan rates tend to be higher due to the higher risk associated with them. People with better credit typically choose to purchase new cars. However, this doesn't necessarily mean that you won't benefit from refinancing, but you may need to do some research. I recommend taking a step back and considering a few factors. While a 5% reduction in payments may seem significant, five years is a long time, and unexpected events may arise. In my experience, at least one major financial crisis will occur during any five-year period, and at least one substantial challenge will arise during any ten-year period. It's crucial to have savings in place to prepare for these events, otherwise, you may end up having to rely on high-interest rate credit card advances. It's also essential to ensure that your available credit won't be reduced unexpectedly. From personal experience, I prioritize building up savings whenever there is extra income available. While there is no one solution that fits all, it's best to aim for saving at least one or two months' worth of income before considering loan prepayments or other financial decisions."}
{"1904": "\n\nIt is unlikely that the majority of individuals will be required to pay federal gift taxes, which only apply to gifts over 5.34 million dollars throughout one's lifetime, and are annually adjusted for inflation. Connecticut and Minnesota are the only two states that impose state gift taxes; in Connecticut, taxes are due after reaching two million dollars in lifetime gifting, while in Minnesota, taxes start at one million dollars. The responsibility of paying federal taxes usually falls on the gift giver, with an annual exclusion amount of approximately $14,000, allowing for tax-free gifts to multiple recipients. Gifts surpassing this limit require the filing of an IRS Form 709 gift tax return, with taxes only becoming due once exceeding the 5.34 million dollar threshold. An exemption can be claimed if required. Tax payment is rare, as it is unusual for individuals to exceed the lifetime exclusion amount. The annual exclusion amount is adjusted yearly for inflation."}
{"1905": "\n\nI am uncertain whether FHA loans offer better interest rates than conventional loans. Despite conducting a quick online search, I did not find any information that confirms this claim (please correct me if I am mistaken). Thus, if you can afford the down payment required for a conventional loan, it may not be worthwhile to explore FHA loan options. The only advantage of an FHA loan, apart from the lower down payment, is the possibility of obtaining financing with a lower credit score."}
{"1906": "\n\nAs someone with your level of experience, I am confident you would concur that utilizing a standardized and regulated exchange for trading is the most efficient option, given the amount of capital you intend to invest. Therefore, I strongly encourage you to explore FX futures at CME instead of opting for spot forex at unreliable brokers, which can expose you to unnecessary operational risks."}
{"1907": "\n\nIf you sell your shares now, you can realize your gain as a capital gain for income tax purposes. Unlike in the US, Canada does not differentiate between short-term and long-term gains, as each type of gain is taxed at the same rate. Whether you buy and sell a stock within minutes or hold onto it for years, any profit you make on a stock can generally be considered a capital gain. It is worth noting, however, that the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) may consider you a professional trader if you frequently buy and sell stocks for a living. In such cases, your gains will be taxed as regular income, but you may also be able to claim additional deductions. Nevertheless, this is unlikely to be an issue as long as your primary source of income does not come from trading. For further information on these subjects, please refer to the following articles:"}
{"1908": "\n\nRevised: While I won't speculate on whether or not it's necessary, I believe a QE3 is unlikely, and there seems to be political pressure to begin raising rates. Regardless of the outcome, it's unlikely the Fed Rate will decrease any further. It's also important to monitor the fate of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. If they're abolished and government-supported mortgages become a thing of the past, securing a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage could prove difficult for consumers. Even if they're kept afloat, stricter regulations could further hinder the mortgage market. To safeguard against potential rate increases, I recommend locking in your rate."}
{"1909": "\n\nGenerally speaking, a lower credit score holds more weight in loan applications, including mortgages. In the case you mentioned, the lower credit score will likely be the deciding factor. However, you may need to use your girlfriend's income to qualify for the loan, despite her poor credit, in order to meet the income requirements. Obtaining a mortgage, like any loan, depends on two factors: your creditworthiness (credit score) and your ability to repay the debt (income and debt-to-income ratio). If you don't have enough income to qualify for the loan or fall short of the debt-to-income ratio, tapping into your girlfriend's income may be necessary. It's important to note that buying property with a non-spouse can be complicated and require extensive legal work. Failing to do so may result in regrettable consequences. We suggest reading past posts for additional insight."}
{"1910": "\n\nPlease review the \"as of\" timestamps. At 11:27, Google's is showing while Yahoo's is at 11:19. Observing the trend of Google's graph, I predict that Yahoo's numbers may decline by the same margin in the next eight minutes. As of 11:24, Yahoo was at around 30 before experiencing a slight negative fluctuation. While their algorithms may not be the same, the two were quite similar."}
{"1911": "\n\nThe cap rate calculation includes only the interest paid on the mortgage and excludes mortgage repayments. It provides a measure of the net income from the property, calculated as the gross rent less all costs, including interest. Mortgage repayments should be factored into cash flow calculations, rather than return calculations. The ROI calculates net income relative to the initial investment, which is the down payment plus associated costs, rather than the property's value."}
{"1912": "\n\nI had around $16k in student loans, but unfortunately, I defaulted on them, and they were passed on to a collection agency called Osceola, who I have found to be a legitimate company. When verifying my identity, they asked for my Social Security Number and Birthday Details, which is not sketchy in itself, but generally, this practice is not recommended as it can be used for identity theft. However, Osceola has followed the rules in this regard. My mother suggested bankruptcy, but this is not an option for student loans, as they cannot be discharged through bankruptcy proceedings.\n\nThe loan is from a school; therefore, I should consider contacting them for assistance. It is possible that they may have more information or be able to offer some help. Additionally, it would be a good idea to name and shame the school, so future applicants are aware of this issue.\n\nIn dealing with Osceola, I would recommend avoiding negotiations over the phone. They have demonstrated a reluctance to respect such negotiations in the past. Instead, it would be better to ask for written communications, which can be sent through postal mail as proof. Keep copies of all communication, including canceled checks. It is of utmost importance never to ignore a letter from them or skip going to court if summoned, as they can get a default judgment.\n\nIf I want to negotiate with Osceola, I would recommend politely writing them a letter outlining the conversation's details and asking for what I want, including the removal of the $4k fee. It is crucial to include any evidence of payments made during the six months agreed upon. It would also be prudent to send a copy of this letter, marked \"'cc'\" to regulatory authorities, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and my congressional representative. In the event that I am served with a summons or do not make any progress in negotiations, hiring a lawyer may be necessary.\n\nIt is unfortunate, but bankruptcy is not an option for student loans, so it is vital to exercise caution and protect oneself when dealing with student lenders and their collection agencies. John Oliver's detailed investigation into this industry highlights their dubious practices and predatory nature. Finally, good luck, keep a level head, and stay safe."}
{"1913": "\n\n\nThe interpretation is accurate. After the market closes for the day, Reuters can provide the London 4PM rates upon request. The close rate is treated as the official rate. The following link can be accessed for the London 4PM rate from the Bank of England: http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/mfsd/iadb/index.asp?Travel=NIxSTxTIx&levels=1&XNotes=Y&XNotes2=Y&Nodes=X3790X3791X3873X33940&SectionRequired=I&HideNums=-1&ExtraInfo=false&A3836XBMX3790X3791.x=4&A3836XBMX3790X3791.y=3. Alternatively, other banks may also provide this information."}
{"1914": "\n\nRevised: The key factor to consider is the tax implications. For instance, suppose you possess two lots, one with a $10 gain, and the other with a $20 gain. If you plan to sell one lot this year, and the other lot in 10 years, assuming the stock price remains unchanged, you will likely earn a higher income and subsequently be in a different marginal tax bracket by then. If you anticipate paying more taxes in 10 years, it is advisable to sell the lot with the higher gain presently. Conversely, if you expect to pay more taxes at present, it is preferable to sell the lot with the lower gain now."}
{"1915": "\n\nPink Sheets is not an actual stock exchange, and securities traded through it are not as safe as those on a stock exchange regulated by the SEC. Many companies are traded on Pink Sheets because they failed to comply with SEC regulations, are bankrupt, or do not want to meet the reporting requirements. While purchasing an ADR of a company traded on the LSE may be safer than other securities, it still means that you are buying an unregulated security, even if the company is regulated elsewhere. This is evident in the low trading volume of mere thousands of dollars per day, and some days may have no trades at all, making it harder to sell the security when needed. Considering this, it is advisable to purchase the security directly on the LSE rather than on Pink Sheets."}
{"1916": "\n\nAlthough not all limit orders add liquidity, all market orders presuming there is available liquidity, remove liquidity. Orders that provide liquidity are those that are posted to the limit book. If an order, even if it is a limit order, is filled before it is posted to the limit book, it removes liquidity. Liquidity, on the other hand, is determined by the balance and abundance of quantities posted on the limit book, as well as the best spread between the lowest ask and the highest bid."}
{"1917": "\n\nThe company aims to acquire $25,000,000 for a new project, with flotation costs to be considered when issuing securities (underwriting, legal fees, etc.). First, it is crucial to determine the ratio of debt to equity. The target D/E ratio is 50% (or 0.50). To achieve this, every $0.50 of debt raised, the company aims to acquire $1.00 in equity. This means $1.00 + $0.50 = $1.50. Therefore, the portion of debt is 1/3, leaving 2/3 as equity. As a result, the amount of debt is $8,333,333.33, and equity is $16,666,666.67.\n\nUsing the Weighted Average Cost, the formula is as follows: (1/3) * 0.04 + (2/3) * 0.12 = 0.0933333.\n\nTo calculate the total amount needed for the new project, the formula is $25,000,000 / (1-0.0933333) = $27,573,529.40."}
{"1918": "\n\nAccording to the issue at hand, this information is evidently both \"material\" (significant impact) and \"non-public.\" The ruling in United States v. Carpenter further emphasizes that one does not have to be an employee of a company to engage in illegal insider trading. However, it is essential to note that stackexchange is not a platform for legal advice, and this response should not be considered as such. It would be advisable to inquire with the legal and compliance department at Company A for further assistance."}
{"1919": "\n\nAccording to Investopedia, a stop-limit order is executed at a specified price or better, once a predetermined stop price has been reached. Following the trigger of the stop price, the stop-limit order becomes a limit order to buy or sell at the limit price or better. This means that once the stop price has been breached, your limit order will be placed, and it will appear on the order books as a $9 ask. On the other hand, a vanilla stop order will trigger a market order, which will be filled using the highest active bid(s)."}
{"1920": "\n\nAs of now, according to the information available on Wikipedia, here are the unemployment rates for Switzerland and its neighboring countries. However, Liechtenstein has a small job market due to its total population of approximately 37,000 people. It is worth noting that the current German unemployment rate of 4.5% is the lowest it has been in decades; nonetheless, it's expected to increase while Switzerland's rate remains stable. Ultimately, finding a job in Switzerland may be a relatively easier task. Additionally, other positive aspects, such as the incredible mountains, delectable chocolate, low taxes, and pristine streets, were rightly pointed out in earlier responses."}
{"1921": "\n\nIt is highly recommended that you engage a lawyer and accountant before entering into any agreement. Without professional guidance, you may not fully understand the terms of the contract. For instance, a 30% stake in a company can take on many different interpretations depending on the contract's wording and structure. You could be entitled to 30% of the company's ownership, but also liable for 30% of any losses. Additionally, your percentage ownership could be diluted if the company creates more shares in the future. Thus, it is crucial that you carefully review the contract with a lawyer and accountant to fully comprehend its implications before agreeing to its terms. If necessary, the contract can be reworded to better suit your needs."}
{"1922": "\n\nThough the S&P500 is not a total return index, an official total return S&P500 exists that factors in reinvested dividends, commonly used as a benchmark. Previously, it wasn't free of charge; however, it is now accessible on Yahoo Finance through the ticker ^SP500TR."}
{"1923": "\n\nThis is exactly how I began my journey into trading: by creating a simulation account on the CBOE website just to understand which situations were profitable, as the jargon was all Greek to me. Later, I learned about the Greeks and realized that the CBOE site was insufficient, prompting me to read books and acquire better tools. The screenshot you have displays strikes, but unfortunately, they show the technical name of the contract on the exchanges. In other words, just like typing in AAPL to buy shares of Apple stock, you can type in VIX1616K16E to acquire that specific contract, expiration, and strike. Let's break it down: based on the given picture, you can infer that the current price of VIX calls expiring on November 16th, 2016, is $17.06. Here's what's changing: SYMBOL/YEAR/EXPIRATION DAY/STRIKE/OPTION-STYLE(?). By understanding that in-the-money options are more expensive, near-the-money options are slightly cheaper, and out-of-the-money options are even cheaper, you can see what is happening per expiration."}
{"1924": "\n\nIn my opinion, the market's uncertainty regarding the long-term future of Apple without Steve Jobs is a significant factor. Since Jobs passed away, Apple has only made incremental upgrades to its existing product lines. Although some might argue that the Apple watch is an exception, Jobs played a significant role in its development prior to his death, so it may not count as a truly post-Jobs innovation.\n\nRegardless of whether one is a fan or detractor of Apple, it is hard to deny Jobs' passion and creativity. There are real concerns about whether the company can sustain its dominance in the market without Jobs' vision in the long run. While the market may only slightly lean toward a negative answer to this question, it is still a cause for concern. Apple's recent success is impressive, but it remains to be seen for how long this will last if their next products fail to dazzle consumers the way previous ones have.\n\nThis skepticism is reflected in Apple's stock, which is currently trading at a lower P/E than it deserves. However, this is just my personal opinion. Good luck!"}
{"1925": "\n\nUpon analyzing the shares of large companies, I found that their dividends typically ranged from 1-2%, with values such as 0.65% or 1.2%. Comparatively, my savings account rewards me with 4% interest annually. However, it is important to note that while interest increases the numerical value of your bank balance, inflation reduces its true meaning. Currently, inflation in India is at around 6%, which means that my savings account is actually losing value by 2%. In contrast, investing in stable companies can potentially yield real-term income through dividends. Furthermore, investors usually hope that the stock prices of their selected companies will grow over time. Despite this, whether or not such aspirations are realistic remains to be seen. While investing in options can lead to larger profits, it also carries a higher risk of substantial loss. Thus, if someone lacks the knowledge or understanding of the stock market, it would be in their best interest to avoid investing in more complex financial products."}
{"1926": "\n\nThe Cash Credit from Unsettled Activity is the result of AGG issuing a dividend last week. You are eligible for the dividend payment since you bought the ETF before the record date (June 5, 2013), allowing the trade to settle. The dividend distribution for your six shares was $0.195217 per share, equating to a total credit of $1.17 (6 x 0.195217). To find out when dividends are issued for any ETF, check the company's website and look for a section titled \"Distributions\" or similar. Additionally, in your Fidelity account History page, look for the entry \"Dividend Received\" to confirm the cash credit is from a dividend distribution. To determine which ETF(s) recently issued a dividend, review your holdings. In this case, it was AGG."}
{"1927": "\n\nIt's important to consider what you would do if you didn't have a call option. If you wanted a position in a particular stock but didn't have call options, you would need to purchase it. However, purchasing shares puts you at risk of losing the entire value of your investment if the company folds or something similar happens. A call option reduces your potential losses by limiting them to the cost of the call. Nonetheless, you lose some potential gains since you had to pay for the call, which includes a premium on buying the underlying share directly. By definition, calls/shorts (and similar options) reduce risk by reducing potential losses and slightly reducing potential gains.\n \nWhen you buy a call, the seller can be seen as hedging the risk of price decreases while also guaranteeing that they have a buyer at a certain price, which helps them to manage cash flow. They may be more concerned about having cash flow at the right time while reducing the cost of the share losing value than losing potential upside if the option is exercised. Shorts work in the opposite direction to calls, and forwards and futures contracts are more focused on managing cash flow. Both parties in any transaction stand to gain certainty by knowing exactly what they will get and at what price.\n\nCertainly, you can use these options for speculation, and many firms or individuals do. However, that's not why these options were invented."}
{"1928": "\n\nRevised: Support and resistance levels in the stock market reflect a pattern of significant buying or selling activity in the past. Although not a guarantee, it suggests that buyers may enter the market at support levels, while sellers may exit at resistance levels. While any historical data is relevant, analysts generally consider events from the last six months to a year as most impactful. However, these levels can still hold meaning for even short periods of time, such as a few days."}
{"1929": "\n\nRevised: Bonds\u2019 value may rise if the demand is high, while offering secure returns if the demand is low. For example, a year ago, Russian bond prices declined by a significant margin, but paid out an 18% yield, making them a wise investment choice. Subsequently, the increased demand has driven up the price, with the yield for early investors remaining constant. However, recent investors have to settle for a lower yield of around 9% with higher prices. Banks hardly ever pay out more as variable interest than short or long-term treasuries, but it is not entirely unheard of. In addition, investing in a variable interest bond is different from one with a fixed term; a 10-year treasury bond at 18% ensures that the investor retains the same return, even if interest rates fall within four years. Consider individuals who invested in 30-year US treasury bonds between 1980 and 1985. If you have a considerable amount of funds, storing them in bonds can be an intelligent option, primarily because it is much less likely for the US treasury to go bankrupt than a bank. However, the likelihood of the latter is best left to individual banks as they may not owe $19 trillion like the US treasury."}
{"1930": "\n\nThe merchant likely incurred a cost of approximately $5 when processing your transaction, consisting of a $0.50 flat fee plus 3% of the purchase amount. To offset some of these fees, it would have been wise for the merchant to issue a refund to your credit card instead of store credit, as larger retailers like Home Depot often do. You can consider yourself fortunate to have received a refund of $0.15 this time; if they had refunded your card, the 1% reward on a $150 credit would have gone towards next month's payment instead. In the past, people used to purchase money from the US Mint for tens of thousands of dollars and earn credit card rewards, but this loophole has since been closed."}
{"1931": "\n\nLooking for a resource that will teach you the vocabulary of financial markets without talking down to you? The free online course in Financial Markets from Yale may be just what you're looking for! While it may be a bit much for those looking to plan for retirement, it's a great starting point for anyone looking to learn about the history of financial jargon. Led by Nobel Prize winner Robert Schiller, this series covers everything from buying and selling in financial markets to the subprime collapse of 2007. While the course does feature a number of well-known guest speakers, it's important to research their successes (and failures) after their lectures. The reading list in the syllabus is worth exploring, but keep in mind that it's geared toward institutional investors and not necessarily focused on your individual 401(k)."}
{"1932": "\n\nFor yourself, whether or not financial advisors are worth it depends on several factors. While not all advisors are unscrupulous, it is important to acknowledge that you may be seen as a cash cow by some. Fortunately, there are ethical advisors who prioritize their clients' best interests. It is more valuable to seek out a competent advisor rather than a cheap one. As for mortgages, the lender and borrower typically use their own solicitors to avoid legal conflicts and seek legal representation. Occasionally, a financial advisor may handle both aspects or have legal experts in their firm. This can be a cost-effective approach to managing finances."}
{"1933": "\n\nOn Thursday, 10th October, the market closed at 5,000.00. The following day, Friday 11th October, it closed at 5,025.92, resulting in a gain of 25.92 or 0.52% (25.92/5000 x 100%). This change is not a mystery!"}
{"1934": "\n\nIt's too early to determine the long-term effects of the recent changes made to the complex healthcare system. The outcome heavily relies on how the bureaucrats and insurance companies will interpret and execute the legislation requirements. However, it's safe to assume that insurance prices may increase to accommodate the costs of insuring individuals with pre-existing conditions and removing lifetime caps. While it's essential to consider these changes from a personal finance perspective, focusing on managing your portfolio may prove more crucial than managing your insurance costs. It's worth noting that the bill includes a nearly 4% capital gains tax increase."}
{"1935": "\n\nThe quantity theory of money is presently widely accepted as a suitable model for inflation in the long term. Consequently, economists generally agree that in the long term, the inflation rate is primarily driven by the rate of growth in the money supply. However, in the short to medium term, inflation can also be affected by supply and demand pressures in the economy and influenced by the relative elasticity of wages, prices, and interest rates. You also inquired about a reference that explains why governments may print money to encourage people to work. Please see the list of beneficial effects of inflation in the same article."}
{"1936": "\n\nYes, there is a difference. If you borrowed $100, inflation will cause your salary to increase in value, and tomorrow your debt will only be worth $99. However, with demurrage, you would still owe the full $100."}
{"1937": "A study discovered that, although individuals who used gift certificates did not purchase more items compared to those who used cash, they tended to spend more per item. In \"Study 3\" of the paper \"Monopoly money: The effect of payment coupling and form on spending behavior\", participants were provided with $50 in cash and $50 in gift certificates (with the option of exchanging leftover certificates for cash) and asked to select different brands and types of items to purchase. The study revealed that there was no variance in the number of items purchased based on payment form for scrip, but mean values across all product categories revealed that participants spent more per item when given a gift certificate."}
{"1938": "\n\nRevised:\n\nMy question is whether stock mutual funds behave more like treasury bonds or commodities in response to devaluation. Upon considering this, it seems that they should respond like commodities. Assuming I own company shares that are not tied to a currency and the company only holds immune assets, would the real value of my stock ownership decrease? If so, why?\n\nOn December 20, 1994, newly inaugurated President Ernesto Zedillo announced the devaluation of the Mexican peso by 13% to 15%, despite previous promises not to do so. This led investors to be skeptical of policymakers and fear additional devaluations. As a result, they turned to foreign investments and placed higher risk premiums on domestic assets. This led to increased market pressure on Mexican interest rates and the peso, causing foreign investors to withdraw capital from Mexican investments and sell off shares of stock, causing the Mexican Stock Exchange to plummet. The Mexican central bank attempted to discourage capital flight by raising interest rates, but this ultimately hindered economic growth prospects.\n\nThe question is how a currency devaluation could be achieved if the currency is floatable. For example, in the 1930s, the US government devalued the US Dollar against gold, moving the value of one ounce of gold from $20 to $35. However, as the US Dollar is no longer backed by anything, how could it be devalued now outside of intentionally inflating it? This varies depending on the currency. For instance, the Hong Kong Dollar, which is fixed to the US Dollar, could be devalued relative to the Dollar.\n\nRegarding whether the real value of stock ownership decreases, the answer is yes if the ownership is in the devalued currency. However, the value may rise over the long term if investors believe the value of the company will increase relative to the currency devaluation and if they trust the market. It's important to note that past devaluations have caused uncertainty and panics, making a definitive answer difficult. The best approach is to look at historical patterns."}
{"1939": "\n\nAs previously mentioned, a checking account in the U.S. allows individuals to write checks, whereas a savings account does not. While you may already know what a check is, feel free to ask for an explanation if needed. Personally, I rarely write paper checks anymore. Though I have a small business account, I haven't bothered to update my checks with my new address since moving 6 years ago and have only written three in that time. \n\nFrom the bank's perspective, there are several government regulations that differentiate between the two types of accounts. However, this likely won't concern you unless you are a bank owner. If your banking software allows you to perform your necessary actions regardless of whether the account is labeled \"checking\" or \"savings\", it's not a big deal. There's no need to worry about getting in trouble with the banking software regulators if you happen to label an account incorrectly. Simply use the account that meets your needs."}
{"1940": "\n\nI presume that you are seeking guidance rather than a foolproof solution with guaranteed appreciation, am I correct? If you have faith that Treasury bonds will keep up with the rate of inflation and grow accordingly, then it could be a suitable option for you."}
{"1941": "\n\nThe initial cost of this investment would have been $880.00 plus commission, with a profit of $85 before any associated fees. The outcome of the investment ultimately depends on TSLA's price on April 1, which is yet to be determined. If the option expires without any value, you typically do not pay any commission, but you may lose the full initial investment amount of $880. If the option is in the money and you choose to exercise it, you will need to pay a commission (which may differ from the commission paid when buying/selling the option) and you will receive 100 shares of TSLA. You will only know the ultimate profit or loss once you sell these shares."}
{"1942": "\n\nYou can begin withdrawing from CPP at the age of 60, but this will result in a permanent reduction of your payments. The amount of the reduction is determined based on average life expectancies. If you live for an average amount of time, then you can generally expect to receive about the same total amount (adjusted for inflation) whether you start withdrawing at 60, 65, or even delay your pension further. Keep in mind that some people may have pensions through systems other than CPP, particularly those who have worked for large businesses or the government. These plans may function differently than CPP. \n\nIf you plan on retiring at 55, it's important to note that you won't be able to draw from CPP until at least five years later, and it will be ten years before you are eligible for a full pension from CPP. Additionally, Canada offers Old Age Security (OAS), which is available to those who are 65 or older. However, starting in 2023, this age requirement will change gradually to 67. More information can be found on this page. \n\nIt's important to remember that CPP and OAS alone are unlikely to cover all of your retirement expenses, so it's necessary to have additional funds set aside."}
{"1943": "\n\nAlthough I'm joining the conversation late, I would like to share my opinion. I believe that buying a BMW is not a wise investment for obvious reasons. The moment you drive it off the dealer's lot, the car loses a significant amount of its value, typically between 5-10k. It's an imprudent move that you might later regret. However, I understand that you have your heart set on it, and whether you buy it now or later, you will eventually buy it. I was in a similar situation after finishing college, and I started earning 60k, so I leased a brand new BMW. I can confirm that it was not a sound investment, but I do not regret it. I've enjoyed driving it so much that it's hard to put it into words. Given that we only live once, you don't want to be the person who looks back and regrets not buying something. So, if you're tempted to splurge now, go ahead, and be responsible later when you have a wife and kids."}
{"1944": "\n\nI understand that you may be referring to the overall stock market when you mention 'the DOW'. The corresponding ticker symbol for the general market is SPY, commonly referred to as a 'Spider'. Furthermore, the ticker symbol for Nasdaq is QQQ. As of now, SPY offers a dividend yield of 2.55% per annum, while QQQ offers a dividend yield of 1.34% per annum."}
{"1945": "\n\nYes, I have the option to start my own company and assume the role of CEO. Even if Bill Gates were to offer me employment, I would still maintain my position in my company. However, there is no guarantee that my company will generate income and endure in the long term. This is the fundamental concept behind self-employed professionals who provide their services through contracts."}
{"1946": "\n\nfor more information.\n\nRevised:\n\nWhen it comes to obtaining financing for property, financial institutions are interested solely in the borrower's ability to repay the loan over time and do not discriminate based on nationality. However, for long-term debts, lenders will need assurance that the borrower has sufficient means and capability to meet their payment obligations. Legal residents in the US have no disadvantage in securing financing compared to citizens, given similar life circumstances. The lender has a legal obligation to confirm the borrower's identity, ability to repay, and lack of ill intent towards the purchase.\n\nPersons without legal status in the US and who cannot pay for property upfront may face challenges in obtaining financing as they may find it difficult to meet the lender's requirements. A lender is averse to investing in borrowers who pose higher risks of defaulting on the loan. As for your father, his lack of legal status and inability to ensure his capacity to repay loans make it unlikely for him to qualify for a mortgage. The lender stands to lose both the money lent and the property if the borrower defaults.\n\nNevertheless, your father can still purchase property legally, but the risks and costs would significantly rise for him as a borrower. Some sellers may be willing to finance property sales over time, but your father's status could disadvantage him if the seller is dishonest. There may be community coalitions that can provide support in navigating the challenges of property ownership. For more information, please refer to the related articles."}
{"1947": "\n\nBuying stocks does not have any immediate tax impact, unless it is done through a pre-tax vehicle like a traditional 401k. However, selling stocks has tax implications, as gains or losses need to be reported."}
{"1948": "\n\nIf you earn $10 in salary, $5 in interest on savings, and $10 in dividends, your income is $25, not just $10. With a billion dollars in well-invested assets, you can take out a loan against those assets, as the interest payment on the loan will be smaller than the interest you earn on your assets. This means that your investment will grow faster than your debt, resulting in a net positive gain. However, this strategy is not useful if the value of your asset is not increasing. In such scenarios, it is better to withdraw from the asset and spend it directly because a loan against a static asset will only cause you to spend your asset plus interest charges.\n\nSuppose you have a good rate of return on your investment. In that case, you may continue to take out loans and make loan payments from the loan proceeds, while the value of your original asset pool will continue to grow. However, in the event of a severe downturn in the market, you could potentially be left with substantial debts and insufficient value in your assets to back the debt. Therefore, it is essential to consider these risks before utilizing this strategy. \n\nThe U.S. government has been implementing a similar strategy for a long time, but this is only possible because the dollar has been the world's reserve currency. However, as more countries choose alternative currencies for conducting business, the value of the dollar is becoming weaker into the foreseeable future, making this strategy more challenging.\n\nIf you have savings, you can spend more than you earn, putting you into debt. However, you can then draw down your savings to pay off that debt, resulting in you being out of debt at the end of the month. This strategy cannot continue forever because, eventually, you will run out of savings. Similarly, suppose you have no savings but own assets such as real estate, securities, or other valuable items. In that case, you can spend more than you make, be in debt, but have the potential to liquidate assets to pay off your debt, depending on finding a buyer and negotiating a reasonable price.\n\nSuppose you have stock options with your employer or purchased a call through a broker in the stock market or futures market. In that case, you pay upfront for the right to buy a specific amount of an asset at a fixed price (usually with an expiration date). However, you should only exercise your call if the market value of the asset is higher than your option price. Waiting for the market value to increase may be a better option because if the market value drops below your option price, you will be left with further debts.\n\nTherefore, it is advisable to make minimum payments on low-interest debts while simultaneously making extra payments on high-interest debts up until the highest payment you are capable of affording. Continue paying off the highest-interest debt while shifting the payment amount to extra payments on the next highest-interest debt until all debt has been paid off. Finally, live within your means to avoid finding yourself in debt in the future."}
{"1949": "\n\nIn Australia, investors are eligible for a capital gain discount of 50% if they hold the asset for more than 12 months, regardless of whether it is in shares, property, or another form of asset. The goal of this initiative is to encourage long-term investing rather than speculation or short-term trading. The government views the latter as a more hazardous option for everyday investors and wishes to reward those who take a lower-risk, long-term investment approach. However, in my opinion, investing, trading, and speculation can all be risky for individuals who lack financial market education. Therefore, the primary consideration when investing should be the asset itself rather than tax implications."}
{"1950": "\n\nAs the owner of an S-corp, it is easier for you to move money in and out of the company as contributions and distributions rather than making loans. Loans require interest payments, 1099-INT forms, and have tax consequences, whereas distributions are not reported, and taxes are paid on net profits regardless of whether the money was distributed. If you received interest, disregard this response as it may not apply. If no interest was paid, it must be accounted for properly. If the company did not pay interest and did not issue a 1099-INT form, money given to the company can be categorized as a capital contribution. Similarly, money withdrawn from the company can be categorized as a capital distribution, and neither event is taxable nor reported to the IRS. When using QuickBooks, create an Equity account for each shareholder making capital contributions and distributions. Deposit money into the corporate account and use the Capital Contribution equity account. For withdrawing money, write a check and use the Distributions account. At the end of every tax year, close out Contributions and Distributions to Retained Earnings through a general journal entry. For example, debit retained earnings and credit distributions on Dec 31 every year to zero-out the distributions account. Pay yourself a reasonable salary instead of distributing profits to avoid triggering an audit."}
{"1951": "\n\nWhen I purchased my house, I sought guidance from my lawyer to clarify any unclear items on the forms since it was my first experience with the buying process. One piece of advice my lawyer gave was that title insurance held little value in our state unless there was suspicion of a defective title, but still desired to purchase the property. Despite this, I made an impulsive decision and obtained the insurance, yet I acknowledge it was a poor choice. Particularly since I had enough savings to accomplish self-insurance, which is always the superior option if one can risk the worst outcome. Furthermore, be sure to inquire whether the seller procured title insurance as it may be transferable at least once."}
{"1952": "\n\nIt seems as though you may not have thoroughly reviewed your agent's agreement, as it should specify the source of the funds. By signing the agreement, you are allowing your agent to receive payment from the net brokerage fees that the buyer pays to the listing agency. As per United States real estate regulations, \"real estate agents are not allowed to receive direct commissions from consumers\" (source: https://www.thebalance.com/how-do-buyer-s-agents-get-paid-1798872). Thus, the agreement should clearly state where the buyer's agent's compensation will come from. Typically, the listing agency will receive broker fees from the seller and then distribute them to both the seller's and the buyer's agents. This means that both agents must split the fee.\n\nIn the event that the seller refuses to pay the buyer's broker, it is possible for you to opt out of the purchase. However, you would not be the one to cancel the deal. If the seller's own broker doesn't have an unconventional contract, failure to pay fees would cause the transaction on their side to collapse, leading to the entire sale being abandoned. In such a case, you would be free from your own broker's fee."}
{"1953": "\n\nIf you want to calculate simple ROI, the solution is uncomplicated math. Refer to this answer for some examples. However, while investing in a property, you may always attain a better ROI with more leverage provided you can maintain a positive cash flow. Nevertheless, the most comprehensive response is to factor in your complete risk. The high ROI of a leveraged property is exceedingly volatile and vulnerable to unexpected expenses. Moreover, a loss of equity in the property, or an upside-down mortgage, will further affect your long-term financial stance. To be more precise, as mentioned in the comments below, your losses will be amplified. It is difficult to guarantee a leveraged property investment will always generate a better ROI, as you cannot anticipate all losses."}
{"1954": "\n\nPassive fraud can occur in several areas when there is ambiguity about the nature of an arrangement. For instance, when a citizen purchases a house, the mortgage lender expects to know how the buyer obtained the funds, to assess their creditworthiness and ability to keep up with payments, taxes and maintenance. Withholding this information can mislead the lender into making a favorable decision, which is fraudulent. Similarly, making an arrangement based on trust, love and no expectation of repayment is problematic, because it doesn't account for every possibility, including failure. This uncertainty can corrode the relationship and create discomfort for both parties. Money tends to complicate matters and it is important to plan for all contingencies, agree on outcomes that are fair and achievable, put everything in writing and share it with a neutral third party. Such planning may be difficult, but it can improve the prospects of success. Another area where passive fraud can occur is taxes. Poor definition of the payment may cause confusion about how contributions will be taxed. A well-designed contract, even with the involvement of a tax advisor, can resolve this issue. Avoiding \"rent\" as the defining characteristic of the payment is advisable, as this may disqualify the parties from certain tax deductions."}
{"1955": "\n\nCongratulations on owning a part of Apple! As a shareholder, you have the opportunity to vote on important decisions that the company makes. Apple hosts an annual shareholder meeting in Cupertino, which you can attend and vote at, or vote by proxy if you are unable to attend. Unfortunately, you missed this year's meeting, which took place on February 26, 2016. During the meeting, they elected board members, chose an accounting firm, and voted on proposals. \n\nYour vote is based on the number of shares you own, which in your case is only one share. Therefore, your impact on decisions made through voting is quite small compared to other shareholders with more shares. On the other hand, you are entitled to receive profit from the company if it chooses to pay dividends to shareholders. Apple's dividend over the last several quarters has been $0.52 per share, which means that you can expect to receive four small checks each year.\n\nThe value of your share of stock is variable and changes daily. As of today, it is worth around $100. You can sell your stock at any time. However, since you possess a paper certificate, you must give it to a stockbroker to sell it on the stock market for you. This broker will charge a fee to sell the share. \n\nTo provide additional information for shareholders, Apple has created a website specifically for stockholders located at investor.apple.com. This website offers further information about owning Apple stock. Through this site, you can find information on how to update your contact information with Apple. You may want to do this if you move to ensure that you receive your proxy materials and dividend checks."}
{"1956": "\n\nStrictly speaking, no. According to standard definitions, a folio refers to a single sheet, while a portfolio designates a folder or case intended for storing folios. In the realm of finance, a portfolio pertains to an individual or company's collection of investments, possibly because brokers in the pre-digital age kept records of their clients' holdings in separate portfolios. Nonetheless, informal usage sometimes employs the term folio as a shorter colloquialism for portfolio. An online search for \"investment folio\" reveals that it is commonly used in this sense, particularly in the names of financial companies that have trademarked it."}
{"1957": "\n\nIs it possible to access details about the underlying securities of an ETF that tracks an index? Normally, the exact constituents of an index are not made public without a license, as they are proprietary information. Companies like S&P, which are dominant players in this field, provide information on the methodology and announcements regarding index changes but do not disclose a full list of the actual underlying constituents. While it may be difficult to access this information automatically through an API or other means, it is possible to manually download CSV files from various providers and use them to extract the data. For instance, on the Blackrock website, users can access a CSV file by clicking on the \"All Holdings\" tab for XIU.TO and selecting the \"Download Holdings\" link. However, it is not clear whether all providers offer this option. Another option is to contact the ETF company directly. It is worth noting that accessing detailed information about an index's constituents may require paid services from index providers or API providers that specialize in this area."}
{"1958": "\n\nI am uncertain about the legal requirements surrounding RSUs and what is left to the company's discretion. Recently, I examined one company's offer and discovered that it was essentially a flat stock purchase on the VEST date. If I was GRANTED a large number of shares at a low cost, say a million shares at $1 each, but only 100 shares were VESTed and valued at $100 on the date of VESTing, then I would have to pay tax on the current market value of the 100 shares. In addition, the company would withhold 25% of the VESTed shares for federal taxes and 10% for state taxes, if I lived in a state with income tax. The withholding rate would not change regardless of my actual tax rate. The capital gains tax, calculated based on the time since the VEST date, would be classified as either short-term or long-term. For instance, if the shares I received went up to $120, I would be required to pay tax on the $20 difference based on how long I had held the shares since the VEST date. However, I do not know if this is a universal practice. Your HR department should be able to clarify some of these questions, although their fallback response may be to seek advice from a tax professional. Best of luck."}
{"1959": "\n\nOne can find a comprehensive definition of \"securities\" in the Securities Act of 1933 passed by the US federal government. Commercial paper is one significant category exempted from the Securities Act, although I would still consider it a security or your purposes. Commercial papers mature within 270 days or less, but function similarly to bonds or promissory notes. However, it is important to note that currencies and commodities do not fall under the definition of securities. The classification of an asset as a security depends on the terms and conditions of its transfer and holding agreement."}
{"1960": "\n\nHave you taken the time to crunch the numbers? You mentioned that you are aware of the differences between secured and unsecured debt and have made a decision, but have you considered the potential costs? With a mortgage APR of 4.5%, you will end up paying 44k over the lifetime of the mortgage for the 24k debt. Additionally, if you plan on refinancing your mortgage, are you intending to use credit in the near future? While many Americans are preoccupied with their credit scores, it only really affects their lives when they are purchasing something, applying for housing or employment. When making this decision, credit scores should not be a primary factor. Ultimately, the goal is to borrow money at a lower rate and pay off high-interest credit cards to reduce overall interest. Considering this, is there any rational reason for you not to pay off the cards immediately, if not sooner?"}
{"1961": "\n\nRevise: It is recommended to report your income of $150,000 accurately. In case of any discrepancies, tax collectors will try to reach out to you to resolve the issue. Although I am unsure about the Canadian tax system, the IRS process in the US is usually methodical. They may ask for further evidence or details, and may only initiate a comprehensive audit in case of suspected misconduct. To demonstrate that you have accurately reported your earnings, you can present a business agreement that outlines the revenue division. However, it is advisable to consult a professional tax advisor for expert guidance."}
{"1962": "\n\nThe first issue that arises is the absence of an \"as-is\" appraisal. If this was not possible, an explanation should have been provided. An appraisal based on potential improvements would only be relevant if such upgrades were planned and should have been disclosed. It is strange that a mortgage lender would disregard these considerations without any explanation. However, there are some loan products that have strict underwriting guidelines for the quality of the house. Although these guidelines should have been communicated, they may have been buried in small print or left out entirely. The lender's criteria are not necessarily reasonable to an individual's preferences but aim to minimize risk and protect the lender's profits. Although not all criteria are flexible or negotiable, it is crucial to inquire about them upfront.\n\nPaying for extensive house improvements on a property that one does not own is impractical. The suggestion, by the lender, to carry out such works is a red flag, and it may be necessary to approach a different lender at this point. It is recommended that you contact the lender and appraiser directly to obtain concrete reasons for their actions. You can also inquire about using the same appraisal with a different lender, but be prepared to encounter variations in criteria. Mention your plans to use your funds to carry out cosmetic repairs on the property after closing to ensure clarity. \n\nIt is advisable to seek a straightforward solution before trying more unconventional methods or contemplating alternate plans."}
{"1963": "\n\nAfter conducting some searches on Google Scholar, it appears that the preferred term used by academics is \"target date fund.\" However, there seems to be divided opinions among scholars on this matter. W. Pfau disagrees with a set of citations presented by Paul Sameulson in 1969 in which he argued that there is no mathematical foundation for age-based risk tolerance. The issue seems to revolve around the present value of future wages and whether they are stable and uncorrelated with the market. Some analyses suggest that optimal lifecycle investment should start at roughly 300 percent of the portfolio in stocks (via borrowing), while others point out that stock allocations as low as 20 percent may be optimal if wages are correlated with stock returns. The theory does not seem to be very helpful, so empirical data may be needed. Robert Shiller conducted a study on lifecycle funds when they were proposed for personal Social Security accounts and found that they performed poorly in historical simulations. Basu and Drew also compared lifecycle strategies with their contrarian counterparts, and the contrarian strategies showed higher average returns at the low 25th percentile of returns. One problem with empirical studies is the isolation of the effect of the glide path from rebalancing. It may be that a simple fixed allocation works just as well, and selling winners and doubling down on losers is the fundamental driver of returns. Schleef and Eisinger compared lifecycle strategy with a number of fixed asset allocation schemes in Monte Carlo simulations and concluded that a 70% equity, 30% long-term corporate bonds allocation does as well as all the lifecycle funds. Finally, Pfau's Monte Carlo simulation runs final portfolio values through a utility function designed to calculate diminishing returns to more money. It seems that the best retirement allocation may be low-cost S&P index funds."}
{"1964": "\n\nMerchants need to apply in advance for the program, and the program is limited to a maximum amount of $25 or less."}
{"1965": "\n\nInvesting in an S&P500 index fund priced in USD carries only the risk associated with the equities comprising the index, given that both are priced in USD. However, if investing in a fund priced in EUR, it is necessary to hedge against fluctuations in the EUR/USD exchange rate to match the performance of the S&P500, similarly priced in USD, as closely as possible. If the fund simply converted its EUR to USD and invested in an S&P500 index fund priced in USD, exchange rate fluctuations could prevent the EUR-priced fund from matching the USD-priced version. Hedging is necessary due to the additional currency risks involved in securities priced in one currency while investing in another. The fund linked to in the question uses swap contracts to hedge against these risks. While such derivatives do cause additional expenses, they may be necessary to ensure the Euro Hedged Index tracks the S&P500 Index.\n\nThere are various ways through which one can hedge against currency risk, such as the use of over-the-counter currency swaps which allow two parties to agree to swap different quantities of currencies at a given exchange rate thereby fixing an exchange rate for a specific time period.\n\nThe article also clarifies that the EUR/USD exchange rate and the level of the S&P500 index can be related in many scenarios. For example, a rise in economic troubles in Europe may cause the euro to depreciate against the dollar, affecting the S&P500 index as well. However, a rise in the euro's value could increase the profits of US companies doing business in Europe, positively affecting their financial statements and potentially the S&P500 index too. There are many other factors that could lead to correlations between the euro and the S&P500, including investor and consumer confidence, exposure of banks in one region to sovereign debt in another, and globalization of securities."}
{"1966": "\n\nCertainly, one option is better than the other, but it depends on various factors. It is essential to consider your priorities, the interest and tax rates on your student loan, savings, and future mortgage payments. Additionally, it is essential to determine the amount you can afford to save while maintaining the desired lifestyle and considering the timeline for moving out. However, based on the limited information provided, it is impossible to determine the best option."}
{"1967": "It is easy to fall into a sense of entitlement and forget to be grateful for what you have. Consider the alternative costs of housing if this house did not exist. Realistically, could he afford the same quality of housing elsewhere? It is possible that he has a favorable housing situation, but simply does not earn enough money. Those with poor credit ratings often have limited housing options as banks require significant upfront cash and landlords may rely on automated scoring to avoid accusations of discrimination. Instead of selling the property, consider using it to generate additional income, such as through Airbnb or housemate shares, and invest that income back into the property. Furthermore, keep in mind that owning a property on paper does not necessarily mean owning all of it as there is typically a mortgage on the property. Be aware of equity, which is the value of the house minus the mortgage owed. It is important to know how much of the payments made on a house are turning into real equity that belongs to the owner. If sister demands a portion of the revenue from the property, remind her that she already receives half of the equity from the mortgage payments. Keep in mind the potential costs associated with selling a property, including commissions and closing costs, and use that knowledge to make informed decisions regarding the property. Lastly, consider the potential consequences of foreclosure or short sale on credit ratings and use available resources to avoid such situations."}
{"1968": "\n\nI linked my bank account to Paypal by making a transfer, without linking a card. However, this should not give Paypal the right to do anything with my bank account. The transfer I made was the same as any other outgoing transfer from my bank account. When attempting to pay for a purchase that exceeds my Paypal balance, I receive a message prompting me to link a debit or credit card to my account. It is not mentioned, but it's possible to transfer money to Paypal from a bank account to solve this problem. However, it's important to note that by linking a card, Paypal may gain access to your bank account. Paypal encourages users to link a card without providing a full description of the consequences, so I never checked this. In Poland, it's even worse, as Paypal requires users to share their bank account logins and passwords to use \"Add money instantly using Trustly,\" which violates typical bank contracts. This has lead to phishing scams targeting Paypal users in Poland. (source: https://niebezpiecznik.pl/post/uwaga-uzytkownicy-paypala-nie-korzystajcie-z-najnowszej-funkcji-tego-serwisu/)"}
{"1969": "\n\nShare sales and purchases only affect the balance sheet and cash flow statement, despite their impact being visible on the income statement. Essentially, the balance sheet provides a snapshot of all accrued accounts, similar to assessing the water level in a glass. Conversely, the cash flow and income statements reflect the amount of water flowing in and out of the glass, with the former being the actual flow while the latter is imaginary. \n\nFor instance, when a corporation sells shares during its inception, the amount of cash received is recorded on the investing section of the cash flow statement, under \"issuance (retirement) of stock\" subheading or its equivalent. When shares are sold, it is referred to as issuance, while buying back shares is referred to as retirement, with respective cash inflows and outflows. If a balance sheet is examined before the shares are sold, the equity heading would have a common stock subheading with a nominal par value under the subaccount commonly known as common stock. After the sale, the number of shares would be visible in a note to the side of the balance sheet. \n\nTypically, when shares trade publicly, the corporation has minimal influence unless it's selling or purchasing new shares under labels like IPO, secondary offering, or share repurchase. In such cases, the corporation's volume of activity is still substantially lower than that of third parties, with shares trading mainly between third parties. The income statement only reflects share sales and purchases under earnings per share (EPS), which would rise and fall when assuming income remains constant. Although not part of the income statement, the \"basic weighted average\" and \"diluted weighted average\" number of shares are also printed, indicating the weighted average over the reporting period of the shares issued, including those promised to employees through stock options, grants, and convertibles. \n\nThe income statement reflects the accrual accounts of the company's operations, with limited detail on investing (depreciation and appreciation) or financing (interest expenses and preferred dividends)."}
{"1970": "\n\nIt is important to consider the expenses incurred by a mutual fund. This information can be found in the annual statement of the fund and lists the fees charged by the mutual fund. Since fees and expenses vary from fund to fund, it's essential to calculate them to ensure a low-cost fund with similar returns to a high-cost fund. Small variations in fees can translate into significant differences in returns over time, so it's essential to consider them carefully. Although you don't pay expenses directly, they are deducted from the assets of the fund, which can indirectly affect your returns. If the expenses are significant, it may indicate that fund managers are using the money elsewhere rather than paying dividends. Evaluating the expenses and growth of the fund can indicate its performance in the future. To compare different mutual funds, it's necessary to compare funds invested in the same sectors with the same distribution of assets to make a meaningful comparison. Comparing funds invested in different areas is unwise, even though the economy is interconnected."}
{"1971": "\n\nRevise: \nWhen it comes to financial statistics, Morning Star, Yahoo and Google Finance are hard to beat. As a beginner, it's unnecessary to reinvent the wheel. Start by selecting a couple of mutual funds with a solid track record to get going. Be aware that financial press is somewhat biased towards promoting the next big thing to their readers. For this reason, although sites like Seeking Alpha, Kiplingers or Money may offer some valuable advice, they may also be influenced by advertisers. Peer-to-peer lending can be risky, but Lending Club is one of the safer options. Generally, investing in mutual funds is a more reliable long-term approach. A great way to get started in individual stocks without taking unnecessary risks is through dividend reinvestment plans (DRIPs). Companies with DRIPs are well-established, and discourage frequent trading. Buying, reinvesting dividends, and receiving payouts are straightforward, while initiating and selling shares may be more difficult. However, this is a positive aspect of DRIPs."}
{"1972": "\n\nI used to work as a personal assistant to two affluent sisters in New York City. They didn't pay for anything themselves, instead, I would cover the costs and then be reimbursed by the Company. They owned various homes and investment properties, all of which were acquired through separate Limited Liability Corporations and funded by the Company. All their art transactions, whether it was for purchase, donation, or sale, were conducted through their family Foundation. The bulk of their income came from the draw of funds from the family estate, but one of the sisters also worked as an architect, which provided additional income."}
{"1973": "\n\nStock prices are subject to fluctuations in response to factors such as investor demand and the availability of investment opportunities. For example, certain sectors may become popular and attract increased investor attention, leading to inflated stock prices that do not reflect the underlying performance of the companies involved. This phenomenon, known as a bubble, can be observed in past instances such as the dotcom and real estate bubbles.\n\nIn times when alternative investments appear less promising, such as when bond returns decline and institutional investors are obligated to purchase them, flexible investors may seek out other opportunities, further driving up demand for certain stocks. This basic principle of supply and demand plays a key role in the stock market and can often have counter-intuitive effects on prices."}
{"1974": "\n\nIn times of war, there is inevitable suffering for everyone, as the economy takes a significant hit. While military contractors tend to perform slightly better than average, overall conditions remain poor. If one becomes aware of an impending war, the best course of action is to leave at the earliest opportunity. While certain strategic materials may increase in value during times of war, these investments are typically complex and beyond the scope of the average investor. The most profitable industries during war are those engaged in the production of essential commodities such as food, oil, and ammunition."}
{"1975": "\n\nInterestingly, despite having a wash sale, you can still claim the loss since you sold the shares and waited for more than 30 days before buying back. I previously used an incorrect phrase \"and ended the year with no shares of the stock\" elsewhere, but was corrected. The correction noted that one can sell stocks at a loss until 12/31 and has until the end of January to create a wash sale condition. In your case, the events in June, coupled with you ending the year with no shares, confirm a wash sale that's entirely closed out. It's worth noting that Vicky's answer is accurate, but it's essential to add that one can claim a wash sale loss once they don't own the shares for 30 days."}
{"1976": "\n\nTo effectively monitor TSP funds on online portfolio tools, it is advisable to track the underlying index and bear in mind that the results may not be entirely accurate. While this solution is not perfect, it is a recommended approach. The source provides suggested ETFs for reference: http://finance.yahoo.com/news/breaking-down-tsp-investment-funds-194600393.html Personal Capital may also be a useful tool to keep track of your TSP holdings, although it may not be exactly what you are looking for. Learn more at http://themilitarywallet.com/manage-thrift-savings-plan/."}
{"1977": "\n\nRevised: It is advisable to only average down on super blue chips that have a long history or, better yet, invest in ETFs or index funds. As a retiree, I personally opt to do so with income producing funds. However, individuals with shorter investment horizons may have different strategies."}
{"1978": "\n\nYou mentioned that for the past 15 years, you have been the sole breadwinner in your household, which means most of the debts have been in your name. Your wife has a credit card that she opened in 1999 but has not used in years. Additionally, she is a secondary cardholder on your American Express and MasterCard, and these cards are reserved for emergency use only. Based on this information, it appears the dealer is correct in stating that your wife has no credit history.\n\nYou also mentioned that you paid off your wife's student loans some years ago. However, if it has been more than seven years, then the loans have already dropped off her credit report, and there is no recent credit activity to show. Furthermore, your wife does not generate any income, making her a weak co-signer. There is no scenario where she could pay for the car while you cannot, given the historical data. In fact, your wife would need to obtain employment first. Since the dealer probably did not have any information about your wife, they likely did not even consider this possibility."}
{"1979": "\n\nWelcome to Money.SE. Please keep in mind that Personal Finance is a highly individualized matter, and consequently, you are likely to receive multiple, and sometimes conflicting answers. Before acting on any advice given, ensure that you are fully informed and comfortable with your choices. \n\nRegarding your question on PMI, It is important to note that a 78/80% LTV ratio may trigger an appraisal requirement rather than a repayment of PMI. Please speak with your bank to obtain clarification on your specific situation. Once you have confirmed this information, proceed to work toward paying off your mortgage. \n\nNext, I suggest considering Roth IRAs since you fall under the 15% tax bracket. Both you and your wife can deposit up to $5500 each and set yourselves up for a more secure retirement. \n\nHowever, I am uncomfortable with your current emergency savings level. Unemployment can strike at any time, and this is why I recommend having at least 6 months of expenses saved. It is crucial to have this cushion to avoid being late on your mortgage payments or running out of money. \n\nFor further information, there is an oversimplified guide titled \"the correct order of investing\" that can be found here, along with additional advice from four other members. I do not advocate for the idea of investment returns exceeding the cost of your mortgage. Instead, I encourage a more cautious approach, such as a well-funded emergency fund. Without any 401(k) matching, I recommend balancing your Roth savings and prepayments. \n\nLast but not least, in reference to another resource titled \"Ideal net worth by age X?,\" it is suggested that you should aim to save nearly one year's salary (90K) for retirement. \n\nIf you have any questions, feel free to leave a comment, and I will be happy to provide more details."}
{"1980": "\n\nRewritten:\n\nIf you are not willing to forgive the debt in case the borrower is unable to pay, then it is a business transaction and not a friendly one. It is crucial to establish all the details of the loan, including the interest rate, loan term, periodic payments, amount covered by payments versus balloon payment, and whether there is room for additional principal payments. Ensure that all parties sign and document it before the exchange of money. Consider seeking legal advice before signing any agreement. If the loan amount incurs gift taxes, it is best to create an intra-family loan by charging at least a minimum interest rate and making regular payments to avoid tax consequences. It is advisable to consult a lawyer for drafting the papers. There are online services available that specialize in such arrangements and offer bookkeeping and monthly billing for lenders. If the loan is structured as a borrower's house mortgage, additional forms require completing, and expert writing is necessary to ensure the agreement fulfills legal requirements. These conditions apply only to US borrowers since rules differ everywhere. Although the formal intractability mortgage was not too troublesome-related, your case may differ."}
{"1981": "Wire transfers are typically processed through either the Fedwire system or the Clearing House Interbank Payments System (CHIPS). To transfer money, you provide a bank with a specific code, such as an international bank account number, which instructs the bank where to route the funds. The bank sends a message to the recipient bank through a system like Fedwire, along with settlement instructions. This process can be complicated, as banks need reciprocal accounts to transfer funds directly, but can also use third-party banks to facilitate the transaction. The Federal Reserve plays a role in the process, as many banks hold accounts with the Fed, allowing it to act as a third-party bank if needed. This process generates small fees for all involved parties and is not exclusively used for large transactions. ACH transfers work differently, with payments being transferred between accounts maintained by individual banks at the Federal Reserve. In a typical ACH transfer, the receiver authorizes a direct deposit from an originator, who then begins the transaction process through a middleman ODFI, submitting an ACH entry to the recipient bank\u2019s RDFI, which credits the receiver's account. The Fed acts as an ACH operator and settles accounts between banks, as the individual banks maintain accounts at the Federal Reserve."}
{"1982": "\n\nThe T+3 settlement date impacts cash accounts exclusively. If you operate a cash account, you must wait until the T+3 settlement date for your funds to become available for your next trade. However, if you change your cash account to a margin account, you can execute your next trade immediately, without waiting for the T+3 settlement date, as your broker will permit you to do so."}
{"1983": "\n\nIt is possible to include multiple W2 forms in a single tax return. If you are using tax software, you can easily add additional W2 forms. If you prefer to file your taxes by paper, simply follow the instructions for combining the numbers in the correct place and attach both forms. In addition, it is possible to have a 1099 with or without a W2. However, it is important to note that with a 1099, you will need to pay the self-employment tax (which includes FICA taxes for both employer and employee), and taxes will not be withheld. To manage this, you may want to adjust your withholding on your main job or file quarterly estimated taxes.\n\nIn terms of travel reimbursement, tax exemption rules apply similarly to both W2 and 1099 forms. However, with a 1099, you will also need to list your business expenses for deduction on the corresponding tax schedule. The value listed on the 1099 form will include travel reimbursement, but you can deduct self-employment expenses. This can be done on Schedule C, as this is where self-employment tax expenses are listed."}
{"1984": "\n\nRevised: As my wife works for a US insurance broker, my response should be taken with a grain of salt. Disability insurance is designed to cover your income in the event that you are unable to work. Some policies pay out prior to social security, allowing you to receive both sources of income, while others pay out after social security to fill any gaps. Social Security is available to all US citizens and has a disability provision that can be utilized. However, it is wise for individuals with dependents or those in hazardous work environments to consider additional disability insurance. My family has obtained this additional insurance as we believe that it is essential for our well-being. Although insurance is a necessity for many things, such as disability insurance, I do not consider pet insurance to be a necessity but rather a luxury."}
{"1985": "\n\nStocks' bid and ask prices change not only daily but also continuously. These prices represent what people are willing to ask for selling their stock and how much people are bidding to buy it at any given moment. While your equation is theoretically accurate, it does not apply practically. Bid and ask prices are indicators of stock value, but as a trader, what matters most is what you pay and sell the stock for. Thus, the bid/ask prices are irrelevant.\u3000Moreover, discussing how much people bid or ask for an index does not make sense because you cannot buy an index directly. Instead, as JoeTaxpayer suggested, you can buy ETFs and funds that attempt to track the S&P 500's value and then bid/ask for them."}
{"1986": "\n\nHere is an example that demonstrates how the \"Zero interest rate\" offer can be deceptive. Let's say there is an offer for a car that costs \"$24,000.00 with zero percent financing over 24 months\" or \"$3,000.00 off for cash.\" To see through the hype, we need to look at what really happens when two people take advantage of each offer. One person pays $21,000.00 in cash and drives away in the new car. The second person agrees to make 24 monthly payments of $1000.00, starting in a month's time, and also takes possession of the same car. Both people received the same benefit, and therefore both payment schemes must have the same value.\n\nWith this in mind, a mortgage program would show that paying off a $21,000.00 loan with 24 monthly payments of $1000.00 requires a monthly interest rate of 1.10%, or an effective annual rate of 14.03%. Therefore, despite the \"zero interest rate\" offer, the financing option is essentially the same as taking out a loan with a 14.03% annual interest rate."}
{"1987": "\n\na) Contracts are agreements for the future delivery of an underlying asset. For example, if you are trading CL (crude oil) futures and do not sell before the delivery date, you will be contacted regarding where you would like the oil to be delivered. Typically, this would be to a warehouse and one contract is equivalent to 1000 barrels.\n\nb) The number of contracts that can be traded, such as 600, depends entirely on the product being traded and trading strategy. For instance, if you were trading ES (S&P 500 e-Mini), you could execute 600 contracts in less than a second.\n\nc) It does not make sense to claim that there are no fees associated with trading. It is possible that a trading platform is simply a simulated environment to help gauge performance.\n\nd) The catch with some trading platforms may arise when it comes time to pay. They may avoid payment or even disappear entirely.\n\ne) Futures trading is a challenging full-time job, especially during the first 4-5 years when you are still learning the basics. It is essential to remember that in this market, you will be competing against professionals who have been trading for decades. If the rewards of learning and possibly earning money are worth the associated risks, then such opportunities can be an attractive option. However, be aware that some of these offers may come with additional costs, such as expensive data or delayed fund withdrawals."}
{"1988": "\n\nThe answer is not straightforward and depends on the type and age of the record. For effective organization, it is recommended to sort the retained records by year and type. You can refer to this resource for more information - http://www.bankrate.com/finance/personal-finance/how-long-to-keep-financial-records.aspx. Generally, it is advised to follow the below guidelines:"}
{"1989": "When I was 23, the Toronto housing market reached record highs, and I felt pressured to purchase a property or risk being priced out. I made the mistake of buying too soon and not saving enough money. However, I eventually recovered and learned an important lesson - never let external factors rush your decision making. Your choices must align with your unique circumstances. If you have comfortable living arrangements and financial stability, enjoy it. While having credit card debt can be overwhelming, it's not insurmountable. Adjust your budget and make monthly payments to bring the balance to zero. The feeling of debt-free living is empowering. Once you achieve this, you can start saving the money you were using to pay off the card. Whether it's for a house down-payment or retirement, the goal is to become financially secure. Don't rush into decisions - take your time, evaluate your options, and make choices that align with your unique situation."}
{"1990": "\n\nThe investment you're referring to is essentially a leveraged one. However, it's important to consider two factors: whether the investment returns will exceed the interest rate you're paying, and whether you can still repay the loan if the investment doesn't work out. I personally used this approach when I purchased my house, taking out a larger loan than necessary and keeping the extra money in investments with higher returns than my mortgage interest rate. Luckily, I was able to refinance during the recession and my investment is now performing better than my mortgage's interest rate of under 4%. I considered borrowing more or extending the loan term but decided against it as it exceeded my risk-comfort level. You should be aware of all the risks and their potential consequences, calculate the probable return, and decide if it's worth taking the leap."}
{"1991": "\n\nA. Please refrain from carrying dollars in cash to India unless it is an emergency. You need to declare any amount exceeding $10,000 with Indian customs upon arrival. Although the procedure is not cumbersome, it requires documentation and security checks. You may also be questioned about your dollars. Additionally, safety concerns may arise during the journey.\n\nB. You are not required to pay tax on the declared amount. You can bring in any amount, as long as you declare it.\n\nC. We recommend wire transfer as a better option.\n\nD. Any transfer greater than $14,000 from the US will attract gift tax as per IRS guidelines. You need to declare it while filing your income tax in the US and pay the gift tax accordingly.\n\nE. Once your fiance receives the money, any amount exceeding Rs. 50,000 will be considered individual income. Your fiance needs to show it under \"Income from other sources\" while filing taxes. Taxes will depend on the slab your fiance falls under.\n\nF. The limit of Rs. 50,000 does not apply for blood relatives.\n\nG. We advise against opting for a loan. If you choose to proceed, please ensure that you comply with the IRS rules on loans made to foreign persons from US citizens or residents. The person lending the money must report the interest payment as income on their yearly tax return, provided the loan has an interest component. No deduction is allowed if the proceeds are used for personal or non-business purposes. In the case of no-interest loans, the IRS treats the transaction as if the borrower paid interest at the applicable federal rate to the lender, and the lender subsequently gifted the interest back to the borrower. The lender is taxed on the imaginary interest income and may also be liable for gift tax on the imaginary payment made back to the borrower, depending on the amount. As this involves taxation, we suggest seeking the opinion of a tax attorney and for your fiance to consult a chartered accountant. Best regards."}
{"1992": "\n\nRevised: I realized I forgot to mention an important point since I don't own a TV myself. In general, there are only a few things you need to do unless you're hiring employees or operating a business with an annual turnover exceeding \u00a381,000. There are some less common situations, such as owning a horse or farm animal, that require specific paperwork, but owning a dog or cat does not. The country is not overly bureaucratic. While failing to do most things won't result in police involvement, you may face fines. However, it's highly unlikely that you would be fined for failing to register to vote or serve on a jury. You don't need to have a comprehensive understanding of the law to serve on a jury. The judge will ensure that the jury understands the applicable law for the case at hand. Here are a few bits of paperwork jargon to familiarize yourself with:"}
{"1993": "\n\nRevised: Let's start with the last case, which works out exactly, and note that the Bank of England interest rate is not relevant for the calculation. The standard loan formula for an ordinary annuity, as described by BobbyScon, can be used, but the periodic interest rate needs to be calculated from an effective APR rather than a nominal rate. For more information, refer to the EU and UK's definition of APR, which is only valid for effective APR, as demonstrated in the example of a 2003 BMW 325i with a typical APR of 12.9%, 60 monthly payments of \u00a3167.05. To understand the process, see the section on Calculating the Present Value of an Ordinary Annuity. The payment formula is derived from the sum of the payments, each discounted to their present value. Moving on to the second case, it doesn't make sense unless there is a downpayment. For instance, a 2004 Honda Civic 1.6 i-VTEC SE 5-door Hatchback at \u00a36,999, advertised as \u00a3113.15 per month with 58 monthly payments and an APR of 9.9%, would only total \u00a35,248.75, which is \u00a31,750.25 less than the car's price. Lastly, the first case is only an approximation, as a 2005 Toyota Corolla 1.4 VVTi 5-door hatchback listed at \u00a37,195 with a minimum weekly payment of \u00a338, an APR of 16.1%, and 260 weekly payments for a 60-month period, would suggest an APR of 14.3%."}
{"1994": "\n\nBefore opening a dedicated business account, it is important to classify funds earned and spent based on their origination. If your business received income, it is important to determine where the money went. If you took the money personally, you must classify it as either a \u2018distribution\u2019 or a \u2018loan\u2019 to yourself. You can choose which of the two options fits better. On the other hand, if your business had an expense you personally paid for, it would be considered a \u2018contribution of capital\u2019 or a \u2018loan\u2019 from you. You can offset these transactions together by recording them as loans and avoid the need for two separate accounts, one loan to you and one loan from you. \n\nWhen you opened the bank account, the initial deposit was made from where? If it came from your personal funds, you must classify it as either a 'contribution of capital' or a 'loan' from you. If the remaining amount was deposited, it would bring the 'loan' account back to zero if you choose that option. You should record future expenses that you personally pay for business through the same method. Because these transactions were not through a dedicated business bank account, you cannot record them in Quickbooks as checks and deposits. Instead, use Journal Entries. Debit your capital/loan account and credit your income account for any received income, and debit the appropriate expense account and credit your distribution/loan account for any expenses. If setting up a loan account, choose either the Current Asset or Current Liability type. The capital contribution and distribution account should be Equity-type accounts. I hope this helps!"}
{"1995": "\n\nAs previously mentioned, the owner of lent stock does not gain direct benefits. They may indirectly benefit from the profits earned by brokers through short lending, which may result in lower fees or access to short other stocks at equivalent terms. \n\nRegarding the follow-up question, it is improbable for a broker to lend shares for a short duration multiple times a day due to the lack of market demand. While some day traders may occasionally engage in short selling for short periods, it is not a reliable business model. The transaction costs associated with trading, short sale borrowing, and interest make it challenging to profit from small fluctuations in stock prices. Additionally, most stocks do not fluctuate enough during a single day to cover these costs. As a result, sellers who consistently lose money will eventually stop trading. \n\nIt is important to note that while there are no legal barriers to lending stock multiple times, practical limitations and market forces typically prevent this scenario. However, in rare instances, it may occur if a stock is experiencing high volatility due to unusual circumstances."}
{"1996": "\n\nThe availability of this feature may vary depending on the bank you use. For instance, my bank (Rabobank) has recently introduced this functionality. However, it's worth noting that they do not issue separate cards for each category. Instead, you can define rules that allocate each expense to one of the available pots."}
{"1997": "\n\nLet's consider a scenario where a stock is currently trading at $100, and you decide to purchase a $100 call option. Upon buying the call option and the money being expended, one of two scenarios could occur- the stock price increases, or the stock price decreases. If the stock price increases, you would make a profit. Contrarily, if the stock price drops below $100, you won't lose any money as you would not exercise the call option. Thus, investing in a stock that steadfastly remains at $100 wouldn't yield any profits. On the other hand, if you invest in a stock whose company owner engages in some audacious risk-taking, which leads to the stock price either soaring to $200 or the company going bankrupt, you stand a 50% chance of earning $100, and a 50% likelihood of not losing any money. This is an advantageous prospect."}
{"1998": "\n\nRevised: Consider investing in individual municipal bonds (not a fund) due in 2017 from your state to satisfy criteria 1, 4, and 5. However, these bonds may not be insured, and the terms may vary depending on state regulations. Municipal bonds can be of two types - \"general obligation,\" backed by political will to raise taxes, and \"revenue bonds,\" backed by cash flow like toll revenue and utility bills. While municipal bankruptcies are rare, they are not impossible. For more information, refer to http://www.bankrate.com/finance/investing/avoid-municipal-bonds-that-default-2.aspx."}
{"1999": "\n\nIn order for a business expense to be eligible for deduction, it must satisfy the criteria of being both ordinary and necessary. An ordinary expense is one that is customary and recognized in the relevant trade or business. A necessary expense is one that is advantageous and appropriate for the trade or business. Note that an expense need not be essential to meet the threshold of being necessary. However, it is important to note that meeting the requirements for deduction may be challenging in certain cases. For example, it may be difficult to argue that a car is an ordinary and necessary expense solely for the purpose of storing $25 computers, as this is not a common practice. Additionally, since there are alternative options for computer storage aside from using a car, proving the necessity of this expense may also be challenging."}
{"2000": "\n\nIn the United States, Broker-Dealer credit is regulated by Regulation T, which mandates that for a non-margin account, 100% of the trade must be financed. FINRA has supplemented this regulation with Rule 4210(f)(9), an anti-\"free rider\" rule that prohibits customers (other than broker-dealers or designated accounts) from making a practice, whether directly or indirectly, of conducting transactions in a cash account where the cost of shares purchased is financed by selling the same securities. Additionally, the rule forbids customers from selling securities that are yet to be paid for to be received against payment from another broker-dealer. When transferring an account subject to a Regulation T 90-day freeze to another member firm, the transferring member must inform the receiving member of this freeze.\n\nOnly funds from uncleared sold equities are prohibited from being used to purchase securities. This allows an equity in the account to be sold and purchased with settled funds. Once the amount required to purchase exceeds the amount of settled funds, no more purchases can be made. Therefore, an equity sold with settled funds can be repurchased immediately with those settled funds, as long as they can fund the purchase.\n\nClosed positions may not be considered as \"long\" or \"short\" as they are an account with only one loan of security, one asset of security, and one cash loan and liability, and any profit or loss is reflected in the excess or deficit equity, hence unexposed to the market, only to the creditworthiness of the clearing and settling chain. On the other hand, only open positions are considered longs or shorts, with longs being securities possession and shorts being liabilities exposed to the market. Unsettled funds are not regarded as longs or shorts and are not encumbered by previous trades. Therefore, only Reg T rules apply to new and current positions.\n\nA cash account cannot purchase with unsettled funds, while a margin account can do so. Thus, a margin account could theoretically perform an infinite number of trades using unsettled funds. Daily purchases in a cash account are limited to the amount of settled funds, after which no further purchases can be made. Unsettled securities cannot be sold in cash accounts. In summary, unsettled assets are not tradeable in a cash account."}
{"2001": "\n\nUsing a standing order remains the best approach. Almost all bank accounts now offer online access, which allows customers to establish a standing order without having to complete a paper form."}
{"2002": "\n\nThe original text has been revised for grammar, structure, and clarity:\n\nWhen implementing a buy and hold strategy, it is often advised not to sell or purchase stock in response to market trends. However, consider the following scenario: you buy stock ABC for $10 during a bear market as part of a value buying strategy. After holding it for several years, the stock's value rises to $50, and it consistently shows double digit profit increases. Would you sell it simply because it has increased 400%? It could continue to rise or fall in a market crash.\n\nInstead of selling the stock outright, consider placing a trailing stop order of 20% on the highest price reached by the stock. If the stock falls by less than 20% off its high during a market correction and rebounds, you keep it. However, if ABC falls by more than 20% off its high, you would automatically sell it with your stop loss order. By doing so, you may give 20% back to the market in the event of a crash, but if the stock continues to rise, you will benefit from more upside in the price.\n\nYour emotions should not dictate your trading decisions. For example, if you had purchased AAPL in March 2009 for $100, and sold it in December 2011 when it hit $400, you would have missed out on greater earnings. Instead, consider placing a trailing stop loss of 20% on AAPL, which would have allowed you to stay invested in the stock when it hit its high of $702 in September 2012. You would have finally sold the stock in November 2012 for around $560.\n\nThe main advantage of using stop losses is that it takes your emotions out of trading, especially when it comes to selling stock."}
{"2003": "\n\nWhile the buyers have excellent credit and are requesting only half of the money, the mortgage company may deny their loan if the house's sale price is overpriced compared to its appraised value. Appraisal processes have become tighter after the Frannie and Freddie financial crisis, and this rule applies to all amounts and credit histories. Although it is rare, mortgage lenders will not finance loans that exceed the appraised value. Generally, agreed-upon prices between sellers and buyers are reasonable, reflecting the market value. Therefore, the appraisal threshold should not affect the seller's decision. If you try to sell an overpriced house, you may need to lower the price to match the appraised amount."}
{"2004": "\n\nThe main difference between trading individual stocks and mutual funds (or ETFs) comes down to risk. When you trade a single stock, such as Microsoft, you assume the risk of that stock dropping in value. If Microsoft were to drop by 5%, your portfolio value would decrease by the same amount. On the other hand, when you invest in a mutual fund or ETF, such as QQQ, the impact of any single stock's drop is minimized by the diversification of the fund's holdings. If Microsoft were to drop by 5%, the QQQs would be less affected. If you prefer the flexibility of placing stop sell orders while investing in mutual funds, it is recommended to trade ETFs instead. Furthermore, when investing in mutual funds, it is wiser to use the term \"invest\" rather than \"trade,\" as each fund family may have different regulations regarding selling positions early, including fees and waiting periods before reinvesting in the same fund."}
{"2005": "\n\nThere is a lack of clear guidelines regarding eCommerce taxation. If you sell products or services as an individual, any profits generated are considered as part of your overall income and taxed accordingly. This rule applies to both sole proprietor and partnership firms. However, if you are registered as a company, any profits gained are subject to business income taxation, alongside other taxes such as VAT. For a more precise understanding, it is best to seek guidance from a CA who can interpret various tax laws related to eCommerce, as there are currently no defined laws."}
{"2006": "\n\nCoincidentally, I have assumed this position today. While I am not suggesting a specific stock, I am examining a strategy \u2013 the covered call. Using a current stock price of $7.47, I can sell an in-the-money call, resulting in a cost of $5.87 per share, with an obligation to sell at $7.00 a year later. As long as the stock's drop over the year does not exceed 6%, a 19% return is possible. The chart below shows the maximum profit, with a loss occurring if the stock drops below 21% of its current value. This strategy shifts risk slightly, while sacrificing some of the potential for large gains. For example, a person who has paid $1.60 could triple their investment if the stock rises to $12. In a relatively stagnant market, this strategy can provide a comparatively high return in contrast to solely maintaining stock holdings."}
{"2007": "\n\nMy wife and I practice a financial strategy that involves managing our income and expenditures through separate bank accounts. We have one account for income and another for expenditures, with around seven dedicated savings accounts. This approach motivates us to track all our expenses manually, as we have to transfer funds from one account to the other on a regular basis (usually every Wednesday). By doing so, we can ensure that our expenses are within our means. \n\nWe use a convenient smartphone app provided by our bank, which allows us to check our account balance and transfer funds securely using fingerprint authentication. What's more, there are no fees for transfers. We have credit cards attached to our expenditures account, but previously, we only used debit cards. This limited our spending to the amount of funds available in our account, simulating a cash-only lifestyle. When the funds ran out, we stopped making purchases. Through this approach, we were able to save significantly.\n\nIf you struggle with overspending, I highly recommend adopting this strategy."}
{"2008": "\n\nRegardless of the data you use, you will probably need to undergo some form of format conversion. This is due to the fact that there is currently no standardized format for this data, and each source exports it differently. As you suggested, using the free data provided by Dukascopy could be a feasible solution. However, it's important to note that this data only reflects spot currency rates and may not accurately reflect the exchange rates for physical or business-related transactions at that time."}
{"2009": "\n\nAn example of opening a self-employed 401k is as follows: You are eligible to deposit up to 50K, which includes both the personal cap and the profit sharing/matching portion."}
{"2010": "\n\nYou seem to be severely undervaluing your skills and qualifications. Having completed a degree and gained work experience through your PhD program, applying for jobs in fast food restaurants is underselling yourself. It is possible that you may face difficulties finding employment in such establishments as they may expect you to leave once a better job opportunity arises."}
{"2011": "\n\nThe first equation is based on the \"Pert\" formula for continuously-compounded present value, while the second utilizes the periodically-compounded variant. Generally, the continuously-compounded model is regarded as ideal because as the compounding period of time-valued money decreases towards zero, and the discount rate remains constant over the examined period, the periodic equation's results converge towards those of the continuously-compounded equation. However, these two assumptions, assuming a constant rate and continuous balance adjustment from interest, are typically incorrect in practical finance. Most financial institutions accrue interest monthly, simplifying bookkeeping and reducing interest paid or owed, and unless prevented by contract, accrue interest based on a variable rate that can change daily or even more frequently based on financial market trends. Calculations are generally based on the \"average daily balance,\" while rates, if variable, depend on the \"average daily rate\" over the previous observed period. The first equation is appropriate if you need a quick calculation of an approximate value based on estimated variables, while the second is more appropriate if you have precise periodic data related to the variables in question. To elaborate, use the first equation to predict future outcomes, and use the second equation to analyze past results."}
{"2012": "\n\nOne way to reduce potential losses in the event of a drastic market downturn is to purchase out-of-the-money put options. While this strategy can potentially lead to profits, it does come with a cost. Put options have the benefit of eliminating concerns about order fills or stop-loss prices, but their value declines over time. Essentially, buying put options is similar to purchasing insurance - it requires an upfront payment for protection."}
{"2013": "\n\nThis application can help you decide whether it's more beneficial to rent or buy. Visit http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/BuyOrRentInvestmentReturnCalculator/ to explore various scenarios. In one example below, after 20 years of a mortgage, the tenant and buyer have almost identical returns on investment. At this point, the tenant's savings would enable them to purchase a home equivalent to the buyer's. Based solely on the numbers, this would be the recommended option."}
{"2014": "\n\nAssuming that you are located in the US, the answer to your question depends on the type of reimbursement plan your company follows. The IRS categorizes these plans as either \"accountable\" or \"nonaccountable\", with accountable plans having to comply with specific requirements. In the case of an accountable plan, the reimbursement you receive is not considered income, and therefore does not need to be reported to the IRS. However, if your company has a nonaccountable plan, the reimbursement is considered income and can be deducted from your tax return if you itemize. It's worth noting that most established companies have accountable plans for normal business expenses. For more detailed information on this subject, you can refer to the IRS document available at the following link: http://www.tax.gov/TaxabilityCertainFringeBenefits/pdf/Accountable_v_Nonaccountable_Plans_Methods_of_Reimbursing_Employees_for_Expense.pdf."}
{"2015": "\n\nOver the past 50 years, the U.S. economy has grown at an annual rate of around 3% after accounting for inflation. It should be noted that some of this growth happened in private companies that were not yet listed on the stock market, or prior to their listing. On the other hand, the stock market returns have averaged 7.14% annually before inflation. However, when adjusted for the 4.67% inflation rate, the net return is only 2.47% per year. This number closely aligns with the aforementioned \"just under 3% a year\" GDP growth rate during the same period."}
{"2016": "\n\n\"If you have completed all the necessary tasks, then you may choose to skip the quarter.\""}
{"2017": "\n\nIn the United States, personal loan rates typically range from 8-19%. However, obtaining a loan in India may be a better option, as home loan rates are currently around 10.25% (with SBI offering a rate as low as 10.15%). While this may more tangential to the question at hand, it is widely considered safer to hold USD instead of Indian rupees due to India's current inflation rate, which has caused the rupee's value to steadily decrease over time.\n\nAssuming the personal loan would be used for a home loan, which typically has a loan term of around 10-20 years, it is likely that you would end up saving more on the depreciating rupee than you would pay in interest. It is worth noting that if you're able to obtain a home loan in the United States at around 4%, it could be a worthwhile consideration. However, lenders may be hesitant to provide you with an accurate loan value since they may be unfamiliar with the Indian property market.\n\nRegarding the original question, it is highly unlikely to secure a personal loan in the United States for 75k without any collateral. However, since you have a good credit score, it may be possible to obtain a line of credit for 20-25k as a backup. You can use this money to pay your EMI only when absolutely necessary, which will allow you to build your credit in the United States and have a backup for around 2 years in India. Additionally, lines of credit typically only charge interest on the amount used, which can make it a more cost-effective option."}
{"2018": "\n\nRevised: If you have limited credit, your best option could be an FHA loan for first-time homebuyers. These loans only require a 3.5% down payment, and you can qualify with a credit score as low as 580. However, adding new credit lines may not immediately improve your credit score. Hard inquiries from prospective creditors may temporarily lower your score, and a new credit account may also lower it initially. While your score may improve slightly in a few months if you make all your payments on time, it's important to have an average account age of two years or older for the best effect. Aim for a credit history that includes 7-10 credit lines of different types, such as store cards, installment loans, and credit cards, to showcase your ability to handle diverse credit. Be cautious not to take on too much credit, as it may affect your debt-to-income ratio and hinder your chances of mortgage financing. I recommend checking out sites that offer free credit scores for advice and tips, as well as credit score simulators that demonstrate how adding new credit cards or paying off existing ones may affect your score. Best of luck to you!"}
{"2019": "\n\nThe surge in gold prices between 2006 and 2011 was attributed to the global financial crisis. As you may recall, the banking system was on the verge of collapse due to well-documented reasons. During times of crisis, gold is considered a safe haven asset, whether skeptically or not. Once the market concluded the risk of a banking meltdown had subsided, gold prices began to decline in 2011. Prior to 2006, gold prices had remained stagnant or experienced a downturn since there was minimal interest in gold buying, and central banks worldwide had removed gold reserves from their holdings. Presently, gold is viewed as an outlying asset in contemporary economies, lacking a significant role. The financial crisis may have momentarily affected the perception of gold's place, but it is now returning to its historical downward trend. In future banking crises, gold prices will presumably rise once more, and the extent of the surge depends on the scale of the crisis."}
{"2020": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThe question posed is whether to install sprinklers to take advantage of a 30% discount on a $8200/year commercial insurance policy. The insurance premium is paid in two installments, which appear to be every six months. To simplify the calculations, we will compare the insurance costs to loan repayments made every six months. Without the loan or sprinklers, the insurance cost is $4100 every six months.\n\nUsing the loan payment formula, we can calculate the cost of the discounted insurance, sprinkler maintenance, and loan repayment. With the 30% discount, the total six-month cost comes to $4655.28. To break even with this cost, we would need a discount of 43.5%.\n\nAlternatively, with the 30% discount, we can calculate the break-even six-monthly repayment amount to be $1030. This gives us an equation to determine the required loan amount to break even, which comes to $25989 with the discount.\n\nWe can also keep the loan at $40000 and solve for the break-even loan term, which is 65.5 years based on the given equation. If the loan repayment was monthly, it would slightly decrease the loan cost. The periodic interest rate in our calculations follows the EU and some US methods. These calculations were conducted using Mathematica. \n\nIn summary, with the given discount, installing sprinklers and taking out a loan of $25989 would result in break-even payments, beating the alternative cost of $4100."}
{"2021": "\n\nOne can utilize the Securities Exchange Commission's EDGAR search engine to explore all the accessible SEC related filings. Access the site from https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html. An essential tip is to use the fast search appearing on the right-hand side to look for the company ticker instead of searching by its name."}
{"2022": "\n\nWhile teaching about the influence of shareholders in a capitalist country should be considered, that is a discussion for another time. Shareholders can influence a company, but not necessarily in the manner desired. A company is obligated to behave democratically in relation to voting shares, wherein one share equals one vote. This entitles the shareholder to attend AGMs and participate in voting on matters presented by the board. While there may be opportunities to ask questions or make statements, relying on their influence beyond these interactions is unlikely unless the shareholder controls enough shares to sway the board. Convincing other shareholders to vote with you is a viable option to gain that influence. In doing so, it is essential to appeal to their desire for a return on investment. The focus should be on demonstrating how their interests are better served by supporting you rather than the board. Arguments based on morals, ethics, justice, and similar human attributes are not likely to be effective since most shareholders are not individuals, but corporations. However, the concept of goodwill, which appears on a balance sheet, may persuade them. Emotional appeals and media pressure on the company's customers and suppliers to make critical public comments may strengthen your case."}
{"2023": "\n\nThere are multi-currency mutual funds/ETFs that are legitimate investment options. However, their rate of return may not necessarily generate the additional income you seek any quicker than other investments with similar risks. If you're aiming to make money rapidly, you must be willing to take on significant risks that could potentially result in fast losses \u2014 a course of action that does not appear to be consistent with your intentions."}
{"2024": "\n\nWhen you exercise a stock option, you will purchase the stock at the strike price, which means you will be putting up your own money. If you happen to lose that money, you can declare it as a loss, similar to any other transaction. For example, suppose the stock is currently worth $1, and you hold 10 options with a strike of $0.50. In that case, you will need to spend $500 to exercise your options. If you hold onto those shares, and the company's value declines to $0, then you would have lost your investment of $500. However, please note that this information is based solely on my understanding of accounting and finance, and it's always wise to verify any financial matters with your accountant to ensure accuracy."}
{"2025": "\n\nRewritten:\n\nThis could potentially be a money laundering scheme. Initially, the stranger gives you free cash, but then offers even more. However, this time, they ask you to \"spend\" a portion of it, typically around 80%. Because the money appears to be from a legitimate source on the stranger's end, you agree to it, thinking it's a win-win situation. Yet, unknowingly, you have become involved in illegal activity. Possessing money without a clear origin is also considered suspicious, and you might be penalized by the tax authorities of your country for not reporting it. Moreover, customs officials may confiscate the money if they suspect it is linked to an illegal source."}
{"2026": "\n\nLet's begin with cash back. Generally, cash back from credit cards for personal use is not taxable. However, for business use, it is taxable due to various reasons. Most personal purchases are made with after-tax dollars, and the cost of the purchased item is not deducted from personal income. Hence, if you buy something for $100 and receive $2 back from the credit card company, you end up paying $98 for that item, which does not affect your tax bill. In contrast, businesses generally deduct most of their expenses resulting in a reduced deduction. In the above example, if the same item, purchased for $100, was used for business purposes, the deduction would only be $98 for tax purposes, which would require accounting for the $2 cash back amount. However, the $2 should not be considered as revenue but treated as a negative expense similar to a refund. \n\nNow let's address your specific questions. \n\nIn Part 1, you want to attend a seminar for your small business and wish to use credit card reward points to cover airfare, hotel, and rental car expenses. Unfortunately, these expenses are not deductible as they will be counteracted by the refund you receive from using the reward points. \n\nIn Part 2, you asked if it matters if the reward points are accrued on a personal or business credit card. If employees purchase business-related items on their personal credit cards and receive rewards, their employer is not concerned with those rewards as long as the receipts for business expenses are received. Hence, employees must always buy business-related items normally and provide receipts for reimbursement. There seems to be a \"don't ask, don't tell\" rule that the IRS is ok with but do not abuse this loophole. Although travel expenses are expected for business travelers, do not purchase company items on personal credit cards and ask for reimbursement. The company should purchase those items on a company card or negotiate better discounts directly with the supplier. \n\nIn Part 3, you asked if there is a difference between credit card points and brand-loyalty points. There is no difference. Only expenses that you incur, which show up on a bank or credit card statement, are deductible. A payment made through loyalty points is inconsequential. To summarize, the deduction of expenses for taxes in conjunction with credit card reward points or brand-loyalty points depends on what, whether they were personal or business-related items and whether they are displayed on a bank or credit card statement or not."}
{"2027": "\n\nNegotiation is possible in all cases. In the current version of the contract, it is your responsibility to calculate and withhold taxes. However, if you wish, you may request to calculate taxes yourself and split your fees into different \"buckets\" on the invoice. This decision is subject to approval by the company's legal department. Nonetheless, this does not seem practical as the total amount remains the same. @mhoran_psprep reminds us that you are expected to cover your expenses from within your fees. Therefore, it is up to you to determine reasonable fees and accept the risk of inaccurate expense estimates. If you prefer the company to pay you a fee and reimburse expenses, this should be explicitly stated in the contract. Nevertheless, it is unclear what expenses should be reimbursed, and companies may reject certain reimbursements. For tax-related queries that apply to your location, consult your tax advisor."}
{"2028": "\n\nI believe that determining how much one \"should\" spend depends on several other factors. Once you've answered these questions, you can develop a better understanding of your spending limits. If you have no financial objectives, the type of car you choose is not crucial. However, if your goal is to build and increase your wealth both in the short and long term, you should be aware that purchasing a car is a poor financial investment. A brand-new vehicle loses thousands of dollars in value right after leaving the dealership. Therefore, it's better to buy the most affordable and reliable commuter car possible (around $5,000 or less) and use your leftover money to pay off your debts. Once your debts are paid, you can start investing your funds. If you maintain this frugal mentality when making other purchases (such as housing, food, and occasional treats) and invest wisely, you'll soon find that you're accumulating prosperous wealth."}
{"2029": "\n\nAlthough you have already stated that you are currently in the US, it's worth noting that in the UK, it is customary to go through with the sale of a property even if there is still an existing mortgage. This includes situations where a long chain of buyers and sellers complete their transactions simultaneously, allowing the proceeds from one sale to serve as the downpayment for the next property."}
{"2030": "\n\nA $500 purchase should not significantly affect your credit score. Consider purchasing a prepaid Visa card worth $500 at the start of each month instead of relying on your credit card. This will allow you to establish a firm spending cap while still having the safety net of credit available for unforeseen emergencies."}
{"2031": "\n\nAlthough I have not used the service myself, it is worth noting that Amazon has another payment service called Amazon Flexible Payments Services (AFPS). The Amazon Flexible Payments ServiceTM (Amazon FPS) is specifically designed for developers and is founded on Amazon's reliable and scalable payment infrastructure. With this service, developers can conveniently charge Amazon's millions of customers (only with their permission) who can use their existing login credentials, payment information, and shipping address. Given Amazon's position as a leading e-commerce platform, AFPS might be worth exploring."}
{"2032": "\n\nYield refers to the income generated by a bond at a specific point in time. For example, if I purchase a $100 bond with a one-year maturity and a 5% interest rate, the yield would be 5%, meaning I would receive $5 on my $100 investment if I hold the bond to maturity. If I pay $90 for the same bond, the yield would be 17%, as I would receive $15 on my $90 investment. Several factors impact a creditor's willingness to accept a particular yield, but ultimately, the amount of yield offered is the primary determining factor. Creditors generally prefer immediate money to promises of future payment, so they require incentives to lend their money, such as a higher yield rate. Yield curves reflect the relationship between bond yields and loan durations, with the x-axis representing bond time to maturity and the y-axis representing the yield. The yield curve is continually changing as bonds are traded, representing a snapshot of a specific moment in time. Short-term loans typically have lower yields due to reduced market uncertainty, while yield curves may flatten or invert when creditors prefer to keep their money rather than lend it due to sudden market disruptions. However, the US government yield curve should be viewed with caution as one major creditor has the ability to lend the government unlimited funds."}
{"2033": "\n\nThe current understanding is that the $100k investment is being utilized to finance the company's growth plan. Therefore, the value of E's company is likely to be $400k only after the transaction. It is unclear whether the $100k will be added to the balance sheet as cash and if the remaining $300k will be recognized as an IP asset. With the investor obtaining 25% of the shares for $100k, the company's Owner's Equity increases by the same amount and receives an additional $100k in cash. The $400k valuation is inferred based on the investor's purchase of 25% of the company for $100k, indicating 100% ownership value at $400k. However, this calculation is not documented, and the investor feels that they are being overcharged."}
{"2034": "\n\nEach of Vanguard's mutual funds only considers its own shares for deciding whether to upgrade/downgrade them to/from Admiral status. To clarify, holding the same fund in both an IRA and a separate investment account won't combine the shares for determining Admiral shares status; each account is evaluated independently. Additionally, for many funds, the minimum investment value is more than $10K and used to be $100K; however, the rules have been relaxed somewhat in recent times."}
{"2035": "\n\nAs noted by Dheer, a significant portion (20%) of your \"S&P 500\" portfolio is composed of the top ten mega-cap corporations when weighted proportionally. For this reason, I have personally steered clear of the index-fund/etf trend \u2013 I don't require another means to purchase ExxonMobil, IBM and Wal-Mart on my behalf. Instead, I prefer the equal-weight approach when investing in a broad sector such as large-cap companies. This method ensures diversification across the entirety of the sector, thereby avoiding concentration. It's important to note that this strategy may result in higher portfolio turnover (and expense) due to holding more shares of lower tranches in the index where companies are more prone to frequent changes. For example, the 500th company on the index may be replaced by an emerging business. As a result, the expense ratio is likely to be higher, which may be a significant concern for many investors."}
{"2036": "\n\nYour premise is flawed because every investment has the potential to add or reduce risk, depending on how it is used. If your ordering is intended to represent the probability of losing principal, then it is approximately correct, but with exceptions. For example, if you buy a long-term government bond and interest rates rise, its secondary market value may decrease, making it difficult to recover your principal if you need to sell before maturity. Additionally, holding a bond may subject you to inflation-driven value loss, as inflation and interest rates are correlated. \n\nOver a short-term, the stock market can be volatile and result in large paper losses, but over the long-term, it has historically beaten inflation. However, this holds true for a diversified portfolio held for several decades, such as index mutual funds, which can reduce equity risk. Derivatives, when used appropriately, can reduce volatility (and risk) by limiting the upside and downside of your other investments. For example, selling covered calls on equity investments provides an income stream as long as the equity value does not exceed the strike price. On the other hand, selling uncovered calls can expose you to potentially unlimited losses. \n\nIt is not accurate to classify derivatives as a risky class of investments because they can be used to reduce risk. Southwest Airlines, for example, successfully used options to buy fuel at a fixed price in the future, protecting themselves from fuel price increases and beating the competition. However, hedge funds should not be included in this list since they are typically inaccessible to most investors and utilize a range of strategies, many of which are quite risky."}
{"2037": "\n\nHere's the revised text:\n\nWhen it comes to car loans, there are a few things to keep in mind. Firstly, avoid owing too much money on a car that's out of warranty. If the engine blows up and repairs cost more than the car's bluebook value, the entire car loan comes due immediately because the collateral is now worthless. This puts you in an unpleasant situation, as you would have to pay off the car abruptly while also finding other transportation.\n\nSecondly, keep an eye out for early-payment penalties. While they are likely to be cheaper than paying interest, it's important to run the numbers. These penalties are designed to reimburse the lender for the commission or kickback they gave to the dealer for referring the loan. Having an open loan is all you need for positive effects on your credit report; owing more money doesn't help, it hurts. However, since interest is proportional to the principal owed, paying off most of the loan early can suffice.\n\nAs the car nears payoff, you can decrease your costs further \u2013 assuming you can handle the hit \u2013 by increasing the deductible on your collision and comprehensive (fire and theft) auto insurance. This not only means that you pay more co-pay, but it also means that the insurance company doesn't have to deal with smaller claims. For example, nobody with a $1000 deductible files a claim for an $800 repair. If the amount you owe is small compared to the car's bluebook value and is within $1000-$2000 of being paid off, the lender may allow you to drop collision and comprehensive coverage altogether \u2013 if you want to. All of these factors indicate that paying off most of the loan, but not all, may be the way to go.\n\nFinally, you could discuss with your lender the option of paying three-quarters of the loan off and refinancing the remainder as a 12-month deal, which could help reduce the burden of the remaining payment."}
{"2038": "\n\nThe following information is a brief excerpt from my book, \"The Small Stock Trader.\" The market sentiment is the most influential non-company-specific factor affecting stock prices, while the earning power of the company is the most significant company-specific factor. Technical analysis is primarily related to psychology and emotions, whereas fundamental analysis is more focused on reason. Therefore, fundamental analysis advises what to trade, and technical analysis advises when to trade. Many stock traders use technical analysis as a timing tool to determine their entry and exit points, mainly for short-term trading, and it works best with large caps. Small caps are more affected by company-specific news and speculation. Therefore, small stock traders should avoid over-analyzing the financial position, market position, and management of focus companies as it is challenging to make wise trading decisions based solely on fundamental analysis.\n\nInstead, traders should focus on a few essential figures and ratios such as trends, comparisons with competitors, and industry averages to make better trading decisions. Furthermore, it's advisable to use a combination of ratios and figures instead of relying on single metrics. Technical analysis is the study of supply and demand for a stock, predicting and following trends. By focusing on a few small caps, traders can use basic principles of technical analysis to identify supply and demand trends.\n\nThere are different ways to make money in the stock market, and successful traders employ a combination of fundamental and technical analysis. Personal preference plays a significant role in determining what bests suits an individual. The goal is to find a strategy that works for your personality and trading style.\n\nIn conclusion, I hope this excerpt from my book has been helpful. Mika, Author of \"The Small Stock Trader.\""}
{"2039": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhy do banks invest in government bonds instead of depositing their money in other banks? Banks are subject to laws and regulations that mandate how much they are required to keep in reserves. They can loan out a certain amount of deposited funds but must keep some as a reserve, a practice known as \"fractional reserve banking.\" The amount banks must reserve varies by country. In countries where deposits are guaranteed, there is generally a limit to how much is covered. Depositing money in another bank would exceed the guarantee and would require a significant amount of funds."}
{"2040": "\n\nThe pricing of oil in US dollars is a standard practice. This implies that if the value of the US dollar increases, the price of oil decreases, regardless of its constant inherent value. The same holds for other commodities, like gold. An oil price in barrels per dollar serves as an example. When the value of the denominator (the dollar) rises, the ratio usually declines."}
{"2041": "\n\nThis advice is not reliable as it is based on a prediction that lacks factual evidence. The US interest rates and debt levels are comparable to those of the Eurozone, making it difficult to predict whether the USD will rise or fall against the EUR. Any claims made with certainty are unsupported. Nevertheless, purchasing and holding USD is still less risky than engaging in typical forex speculation due to its longer-term nature and less leverage. It is improbable that an individual will lose more than 20-30% of their capital under this approach, but the potential gains are constrained as well."}
{"2042": "\n\nThe Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has specific requirements for accredited investors. According to Rule 501 of Regulation D, an accredited investor can be defined as: a bank, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company; an employee benefit plan that has total assets in excess of $5 million and where a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes investment decisions; a charitable organization, corporation, or partnership with assets exceeding $5 million; a director, executive officer, or general partner of the company selling the securities; a business where all equity owners are accredited investors; a natural person with individual net worth, or joint net worth with their spouse, exceeding $1 million at the time of purchase, excluding the value of their primary residence; a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with their spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or a trust with assets in excess of $5 million, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchases a sophisticated person makes. Citizenship or residency requirements are not necessary."}
{"2043": "\n\nYes, it is possible to have both, but it is important to note that you must have business income in order to be able to contribute to a SEP IRA."}
{"2044": "\n\nAt http://investexcel.net/financial-web-services-kb, you can find numerous Excel spreadsheets that allow you to download stock quotes (from Yahoo Finance) and historical exchange rates."}
{"2045": "\n\nI read the article \"Basically, It's Over\" and wanted to share my opinion. Although I highly respect Charlie Munger, I believe his parable misses the mark when it comes to convincing the average person, or at least the average Slate reader, that America is overspending and headed for trouble. The analogy used in the parable was difficult to follow, and I did not have the \"aha\" moment I was hoping for. Nevertheless, I agree with the point of view presented, which is that the United States will face significant challenges in supporting its debt habit, energy consumption, and currency in the long run.\n\nRegarding an investment strategy to protect oneself, here are some thoughts to consider. These points should be part of an overall strategy and are not complete in themselves. If the U.S. continues amassing debt at its current rate, it will be considered a worse credit risk, necessitating higher interest rates on its debt. Therefore, long-term treasury bonds may not be the best place to invest currently as they will decline as rates increase. Additionally, the U.S. will continue to print money to pay its mounting debt and debt servicing costs, which will inflate prices and put downward pressure on the U.S. dollar relative to stronger economies. As a result, U.S. cash and short-term treasuries may not be the best place to invest either. An alternative would be to hedge with inflation-indexed bonds (e.g., TIPS) or bonds from stronger major economies, but diversification is key.\n\nIf you believe that energy prices are headed higher, especially relative to the U.S. dollar, consider investing in world energy producing companies. Additionally, practicing broad, global diversification already offers some reasonable protection. It is crucial to diversify across various types of stocks, bonds, and economies, rather than limiting investments to just U.S. stocks and bonds.\n\nFinally, I do not underestimate the U.S.'s ability to overcome challenges and innovate, as U.S. history has shown. Therefore, I am keeping a small portion of my portfolio invested in strong U.S. companies that are proven innovators and have global reach, but not those that rely on financial innovation."}
{"2046": "\n\nRevision:\n\nAlthough making improvements to your property may not necessarily increase its appraised value, you certainly don't want your property tax appraisal to skyrocket. Since your goal is to reach a 20% equity mark, which seems to be only a few thousand dollars away, you should carefully consider any strategy you come up with. For instance, refinancing or securing a second line of credit may not be worth the cost, unless you can get a much better interest rate. Your first step should be to determine how long you intend to stay in your home, and then weigh your options \u2013 do nothing, reduce the principal, refinance for 30, 15, or an adjustable-rate mortgage. Use a spreadsheet to compare the pros and cons of each option and figure out what works best for you. One more thing to consider is that if you pay a substantial amount in extra principal, you may be able to ask your lender to \"rebalance,\" which will adjust your minimum monthly payment to your remaining term. While this may result in a fee, it could prove very helpful in an emergency."}
{"2047": "\n\nWhen a stock's P/E ratio suggests it's overpriced, analysts may use alternative metrics to evaluate it. The PEG ratio, for instance, may offer a fairer view of growth companies. It's worth noting that fundamental analysis is largely subjective. If you're keen to explore the limitations of this approach, I recommend reading A Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton Malkiel."}
{"2048": "\n\nYou are correct that there is no straightforward answer to this question. To provide a brief overview, one method of valuing a going concern company is by using the present value of a growing perpetuity formula, assuming compounding perpetual growth. However, this is a significant assumption for a company that has yet to make a profit. Comparable transactions are often used as a benchmark to determine the value of such companies, with the price-to-earnings (PE) ratio being an inverse indicator of a growing perpetuity. When it comes to pre-revenue companies, the financial risks are high, and investors, such as VCs, will require significant returns, which usually involves them taking a large chunk of the company in the seed rounds. As a company starts to make sales and establishes itself in the market, the risks decrease, and its growth rate can be estimated with more precision. Established companies turning a recurrent level of profit are easier to value as their financial mathematics are more appropriate, and their value will be determined by current market conditions as well as comparable transactions. However, in imperfect markets, the value of a company can change significantly based on investors' decisions. I hope this explanation clarifies the issue for you."}
{"2049": "\n\nEstate agents require information about your deposit amount to evaluate the feasibility of your mortgage plans. If your deposit amount is high, or if you are a cash buyer, this will make you an appealing buyer and provide them with leverage in your favour. Additionally, this information could assist agents in determining if you could afford a more expensive property if you were to find one that you really liked."}
{"2050": "\n\nA responsible lender will typically require a lean lien and property appraisal for any loan secured against property that was previously owned outright. Lenders retain the right to reject a loan application if the property does not meet their underwriting requirements. Properties in flood or emergency zones, declining areas, or that are unusual, unsellable, or difficult to evaluate may not qualify. Some lenders may not accept mobile homes as collateral, and may require ongoing insurance to protect their investment. It is also not uncommon for lenders to offer a lower loan percentage for property than for cash down payments. This is often the case with new construction loans. It is recommended that those seeking financing speak directly with a lender to determine their options and the conditions of the loan. While the interest rate may be calculated the same way, some lenders may have additional closing fees. It is also possible to obtain a direct mortgage on an existing property and use the cash as a down payment on a new property, which can provide more flexibility. Ultimately, it is important to shop around and compare quotes from multiple lenders to find the best deal for your unique circumstances. Underwriting requirements can change quickly and vary even within regions, so it is necessary to continue to evaluate options on an ongoing basis."}
{"2051": "\n\nInvestors are offered a degree of protection through the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). While the level of protection is not as comprehensive as that provided by the FDIC or NCUA, it is still an available option. SIPC safeguards against the loss of cash and securities such as stocks and bonds held by customers of financially-troubled SIPC-member brokerage firms, with a limit of $500,000, including a $250,000 limit for cash. Most affected customers of failed brokerages are typically covered, regardless of their citizenship or residency status. However, SIPC protection has its limitations. Its coverage only pertains to the custody function of the broker-dealer, meaning that it solely works towards restoring securities and cash present in affected customer accounts. It does not safeguard against losses resulting from market fluctuations, worthless securities, or bad investment advice or recommendations. Therefore, it\u2019s crucial to understand that SIPC protection differs from security for cash at FDIC-insured banking institutions. SIPC does not bail investors out in case of a drop in their investment value, but it replaces the missing securities when liquidation is possible."}
{"2052": "\n\nI agree that investments should not be solely based on tax considerations. The key question is whether the stock is a good buy at its current price and suitable for long-term holding. If the decision is made to sell for a loss, it must be done soon, but there is a restriction on buying it back for 30 days. If the stock price rebounds, buying back may be at a higher price. It is important to note that for ETFs or mutual funds, a fund can be purchased to replace the one being sold to claim the loss and avoid wash sale rules."}
{"2053": "\n\nFirstly, it's essential to understand the nature of owning bitcoins. Owning bitcoins means having a private key that allows you to make changes to the blockchain, assigning ownership of the bitcoins to the next person. This piece of information is analogous to owning a domain name, where the market determines its value.\n\nHowever, the ownership of a private key, in itself, has no value, and there is no need to notify FinCEN of it. It's not advisable to do so as it can raise personal implications. FinCEN cannot discover the ownership of bitcoins unless informed of it. Furthermore, if using the latest generation of HD wallets, the private key changes with each transaction, making it impractical to notify every time of ownership.\n\nAdditionally, it is worth noting that when bitcoins are stored in a foreign exchange, the owner does not technically have control over the coins. The exchange owns the private key, and any situation that doesn't involve owning the private keys and the ability to spend means the coins are not in your possession.\n\nTo conclude, holding bitcoins is not illegal, and FinCEN does not need to be informed of private key ownership."}
{"2054": "\n\nAs someone who has worked in the financial industry, I have a simple two-part solution. First, lenders, vendors, and financial institutions should turn off all forms of overdraft protection. This way, if there are no available funds during a pin-presented transaction, the payment will be declined without any fees, overdrafts, or complications. Secondly, recurring transactions with merchants such as Netflix or Gold's Gym are allowed because they are guaranteed payment from financial institutions, which avoids any issues. However, gift cards are the only option that won't cost you more money than you intend to spend. Keep in mind that some financial institutions may terminate business with you if there are too many non-payment periods. In summary, if you want to avoid paying more than you have, gift cards are the best option. They can be recharged anytime, and if an issue arises, you can simply purchase a new card to start over."}
{"2055": "\n\nThis business concept sounds like it has potential! (smile) Depending on your location and the size of the market, it may be worthwhile to investigate whether there is a local \"concierge\" service. These companies function as personal shoppers and assistants, offering a variety of services. While I cannot guarantee the quality of their services or pricing, they could be a great resource to explore. You can easily find listings for these companies online."}
{"2056": "\n\nFor US stocks, Edgar Online is the platform where companies submit their government filings to the SEC. On Google Finance, locate the \"SEC filings\" link on the page to find the company's 10K and 10Q documents, where the information is available and already computed. Additionally, numerous companies post these same documents on their Investor Relations web pages."}
{"2057": "\n\nThat's a complex question, but I can offer some insights based on personal experience. As an Australian who has worked for several companies across multiple countries, I have discovered that there are many opportunities in different places, but also numerous challenges. When it comes to asset classes, real estate is a popular choice, but investing in rental residential or commercial property could be risky if you don't plan to stay in a country for at least one or two years. Understanding local laws and regulations, securing credit from local banks, and identifying suitable locations require time and expertise. Therefore, stocks and bonds are often the preferred investment options, as you can purchase them in any country. Diversifying your portfolio across various countries can help protect against market fluctuations and foreign exchange risks, but it also entails filling out tax returns in each country you earn income, which can be a daunting task. While it may be tempting to invest in several countries, I suggest focusing on one where you intend to spend most of your life and keeping a few investments in other places. Finally, as many expats eventually return to their home country, it's essential to consider factors such as family, friends, and cultural ties when making investment decisions."}
{"2058": "\n\nTo report the income from tutoring, you can list it under \"other income\" on line 21 of form 1040. If you are using TurboTax, follow these steps: Navigate to the Federal Taxes tab and select \"Wages & Income\". Click on the \"I'll choose what I work on\" button and locate \"Less Common Income\" followed by \"Misc Income, 1099-A, 1099-C\". On the next screen, select \"Other reportable income\" and enter a description of the income and the amount earned. Categorize it as \"Tutoring\" and include the income amount."}
{"2059": "\n\nI find JB King's response interesting from the perspective of personal benefit, but the original poster's question is focused on why a company would repurchase its shares. A company may repurchase shares in order to improve its financial position. For example, if Company A wants to open a new store, it must purchase land, construct the building, and stock the store, all of which requires a significant amount of money. The company could use a loan, accrued capital, or issue new stock to finance this expansion. However, issuing new stock has its drawbacks, one of which is the dilution of existing shares, lowering their value. By issuing more shares to raise capital in the future, the company is further diluted, perpetuating the cycle. To avoid this, a company may repurchase shares when they are undervalued, reducing the number of diluting shares and increasing the value of the remaining shares. This, in turn, reduces the cost of capital for the company when it needs to raise funds in the future. Thus, share repurchases are more about reducing the cost of capital for the company rather than rewarding shareholders."}
{"2060": "\n\nThis passage deals with the volatility of certain financial instruments and the concerns of brokers regarding risk management. Their primary focus is not on the individual trader, but on potential legal ramifications and financial losses resulting from allowing customers to trade high-risk stocks with significant leverage. In particular, brokers face considerable risk when traders short a stock using all available funds, only to see the company's value rise dramatically overnight. This can result in the trader owing money to the broker. A closer examination of the situation reveals that many of the firms requiring high margins are pharmaceutical companies with significant dependence on FDA approvals and thus a high level of volatility."}
{"2061": "\n\nA potential strategy involves employing dividend arbitrage through the use of stock and in-the-money options. The key is to identify the option that is the most mispriced ahead of the ex-dividend date."}
{"2062": "\n\nThe 'Golden Cross' trading strategy refers to when the 50-day simple moving average (SMA) rises above the 200-day SMA, while the 'Death Cross' signals the opposite when the 50-day SMA falls below the 200-day SMA. Since long-term indicators hold more significance than short-term ones, a positive cross signifies a shift in stock momentum. This approach may not help capture the absolute bottom, but it increases the likelihood of catching an early move in a long-term trend. Check out Zacks for more information on Golden Cross."}
{"2063": "\n\nI know someone who earns much more than me, around \u00a3500 per day, and he says he pays only 18% in taxes which is puzzling. It is possible that this person is utilizing a tax-efficient or \"marketed avoidance\" scheme similar to those that need to be disclosed under UK's DOTAS laws. In this case, your accountant is not necessarily doing anything improper. The 18% \"tax\" likely involves a distinct compensation method from the one you use."}
{"2064": "\n\nWelcome to Money.SE! Your question is similar to others we have received. There is no clear consensus on whether to pay off all your debt before investing your extra money. To put it simply, the correct order of investing can shed some light on this. While Pete's answer is valid, it should be noted that a matched 401(k) is a better investment than paying off an 18% credit card, so it should be factored into any answer. If you're looking solely at paying off debt without any other factors, start by tackling your highest interest rate debt first. Remember to consider the post-tax rate, and keep in mind that some loans, like student loans, can be deducted. For example, a 6% student loan might have an effective rate of 4.5% if you're in the 25% bracket."}
{"2065": "\n\nIf you offer services, being a resident for tax purposes is generally determined by staying in a country for more than six months. Germany is like any other country in this regard. However, if you conduct business from Poland and never enter Germany, there shouldn't be any issues."}
{"2066": "\n\nFurthermore, as per your request for Montreal, you may obtain quotes directly from http://www.m-x.ca/nego_cotes_en.php."}
{"2067": "\n\nTo generate reports, I suggest presenting the data in the user's home country currency. If necessary, indicate that a transaction was denominated in a foreign currency and provide the value of the foreign-denominated transaction in the user's home country currency. For instance, Airfare from USA to London: $1,000.00 and Taxi from airport to hotel: $100.00 (in \u00a3). \n\nRegarding database design, I propose not to store the data in a single denomination or reference currency. This would lead to unnecessary conversion between currencies and add complexity, especially when dealing with transactions in and out of the reference currency. It is best to store multiple currencies separately and calculate the amount for each transaction accordingly. \n\nTo cater to currency fluctuations and fees, it is advisable to include a simple form that enables users to enter the amount exchanged and received to calculate the exchange rate. For example, if a user exchanged $100.00 USD for \u00a360.00 with a \u00a33.00 fee, the exchange rate would be 0.6, and the site could create three separate transactions: USD Converted to \u00a3: $100.00, \u00a3 Received from Exchange: \u00a360.00, and Exchange Fee: \u00a33.00. \n\nTo avoid confusion, I would suggest storing balances and transactions in their respective currencies and only showing them in another currency for convenience using calculations at report runtime. With this approach, the balance of the reference currency will not be affected by fluctuating currency values, and users will have a clearer picture of their finances. Best of luck with your site!"}
{"2068": "\n\nThere are many regulations concerning \"Insider Trading,\" including blackout periods that companies impose to comply with these rules. During these designated periods, employees are required to refrain from buying or selling company stocks. It's important to note that these rules also apply after leaving the company. Unless you have an urgent need to buy or sell stock options, it's best to wait for a period after leaving employment before engaging in any trades."}
{"2069": "\n\nAssuming you are located in the US, it seems unlikely that you will be approved for a loan outside of a government-backed program. Your financial history suggests that you are a high-risk borrower. While your household income of 7k/month is above average, the fact that you are not able to save or invest any of it indicates a behavioral issue rather than a mathematical one. For instance, why do you have a car payment instead of purchasing a vehicle outright? By reducing your expenses, such as rent (1100), car payment (400), insurance (300), and other outgoings (1000), you should be able to clear at least 4000 per month in disposable income. Therefore, it is important to identify where your spending leaks are coming from and address them through budgeting and tracking your expenses. \n\nCutting back your spending, working a second job, or finding ways to increase your income could help you save for a down payment on a home within ten months or less. The grocery store idea is a good one, but it requires careful planning and good financial management. Had you started preparing for this venture three years ago, you could have made your purchase in cash, eliminating a lot of risk and raising the chances of success. Alternatively, if you had started a year ago, you could have made a significant down payment that would demonstrate your commitment to the bank to secure a loan for the remainder. However, given your history, you are currently deemed a high-risk and unlikely to be approved for a bank loan without changing your financial habits. \n\nTherefore, before delving into business ventures, it is recommended that you focus on personal finance management as it will help you grasp better financial control and increase the likelihood of receiving a loan in the future."}
{"2070": "\n\nRevised: Visit https://www.quantopian.com to find the resources you need to achieve your goals."}
{"2071": "The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a price-weighted index calculated by adding up the prices of constituent stocks and dividing by a constant, the \"Dow divisor.\" The Dow divisor is adjusted to maintain continuity during roster changes or stock splits. The price-weighting gives a member of the index influence proportional to its share price. Stocks trading at higher prices have more influence on the index than those trading at lower prices. \n\nGoogle, priced at almost $700 per share, would contribute five to twenty times more weight to the index than most other stocks in the index. This means small changes in Google's price would dominate the index on any given day. Apple, which traded around $700 per share until its 7:1 stock split in 2014, may be a candidate for inclusion in the DJIA next time the components change. Since the Dow is fixed at 30 stocks, and the index tries to maintain a balance between different sectors, removing another technology company may be required. \n\nPrice-weighting is uncommon in stock indices; most indices are weighted according to market capitalization, where the influence of a single company is proportional to its total value. Market cap is seen as a less arbitrary way to weight indices. Market-cap-weighted indices consider all share classes, unlike the DJIA, which lacks provision for multiple share classes. \n\nCharles Dow calculated the DJIA by hand, which is why the index has an unusual weighting method. The price-weighted index with only 30 stocks is easier to compute than a market-cap-weighted index with hundreds of constituents. \n\nNote: Apple has been in the DJIA for over a year now. There are currently 505 stocks in the S&P 500."}
{"2072": "\n\nDuring the period when I was subscribed to a high-deductible healthcare plan, I utilized http://www.ehealthinsurance.com/ to compare various plans. I am not, however, acquainted with any efficient method of comparing the costs of specific procedures across different healthcare providers."}
{"2073": "\n\nIf the negative credit items are found to be true, it would be inappropriate to dispute their accuracy, as this could be considered unethical. However, if these items are found to be inaccurate, the credit bureaus' resolution process should be utilized, despite the fact that it may be time-consuming."}
{"2074": "\n\nThe discussion surrounding bartering can be complicated. It is clear that it applies when you are self-employed and performing work for which you would normally charge someone else, but what about when you are helping a friend on your own time? If you receive something in exchange, its value would be considered your income. However, if you do not receive anything in return, things become more complex. For example, if your employer provides you with a loaned computer for occasional work, it may be possible for you to take the computer home and for the company to retain ownership. This would allow them to expense the depreciation of the computer without transferring ownership to you. In the case of a car, however, any personal use would need to be counted as income. What if you exchange occasional tech support for the use of an empty desk and internet connection? As long as the company is not renting desks to others, there may be no additional cost to them if they allow you to use the space, making the fair market value question difficult to answer."}
{"2075": "\n\nRevised: In short, the date of granting equity is typically established after an offer and acceptance. When there is a new round of funding, investors may initiate a new vesting period to ensure that key personnel remain engaged and motivated going forward. The length of time for engagement is not shortened based on when the person began. Even non-institutional investors may follow this vesting strategy to address their concerns. The benefits of having team members start earlier or remain longer, as long as it is reflected in the progress made, is recognized in the company's valuation. This valuation, in turn, affects the dilution of founders' shares in the funding process."}
{"2076": "\n\nThe revised text is as follows: \n\nThe formula to calculate the value is (0.06571441 * V^2) + 15 * V, where V is the value divided by 1,000. This gives us the value of AU$ 23,929. You can use the same calculator linked to earlier to find this value. To do so, select \"Investment\" instead of \"Primary Residence\" or uncheck \"I am a first home buyer.\" There may be some confusion around the $AU 821, it might be best to contact the relevant authorities to clarify. However, if you qualify for the First Home Owner Discount, you may not have to pay any stamp duty. Starting from 1 September 2016, the Northern Territory Government has increased the stamp duty assistance for first home buyers who purchase an established home up to the value of $650,000. First Home Owner Discount (FHOD) offers a full stamp duty concession on the initial $500,000 value of the home, which can save you up to $23,928.60 in stamp duty costs. For established homes valued at more than $650,000, you can receive a stamp duty saving of up to $10,000 until December 31, 2016. You can find more information on this at the Department of Treasury and Finance source."}
{"2077": "\n\nThere are two primary ways to earn money from shares: through dividends and capital gains. When a company performs well and continues to increase its profits over time, its net worth will rise. If it continues to exceed expectations, the share price will also rise in the long term. Conversely, if the company performs poorly and accrues significant debt, it may stop paying dividends. Stocks that perform well generate greater demand than those that don't, which drives up their share price, even without dividend payments.\n\nMarket participants use different information to buy or sell stocks. Some employ a buy-and-hold strategy, while others are day traders. Some base their decisions on fundamentals, others on charts and technical analysis, or a combination of the two, or different methods altogether. The varying demand created by these participants drives up share prices over time for good companies.\n\nDividend yields typically range between 1% and 6%, although in some cases, they can be as high as 10%. Capital gains can be significantly higher, ranging from 20% to 100% or more. This is why people choose to invest in stocks that pay no dividends, which is also my primary motivation for investing."}
{"2078": "\n\nThe overall impact is neutral. For instance, if you do not possess any shares by November 30 and refrain from acquiring any further shares by December 31, the year will conclude without any remaining obligations to fulfill."}
{"2079": "\n\nTypically, it takes about one to two weeks for modifications to your withholdings to reflect on your payroll. However, note that choosing 0 deductions will withhold a more significant amount from your paychecks compared to 3 deductions. If you end up having to pay in April with 0 deductions, I recommend avoiding a switch to 3 deductions on your W2. Instead, consider adding $25 per week in the extra withholding section, which can lead to a more reasonable refund in April."}
{"2080": "\n\nRevised:\nAs you would remain the rightful owner of the shares, it is highly likely that you would have to transfer them to a broker that facilitates trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, through which you can access the Shanghai exchange. If the shares were to be delisted, a process would need to be followed, which ensures that shareholders can still access their holdings."}
{"2081": "\n\nIf you own a significant stake, you are subject to regulation under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and its corresponding regulations (in the case of US stock). These regulations prevent you from making sudden or disproportionate moves that may shock the market. Additionally, executing an order of such a large volume via a directed market order may not be permitted by your broker, given the depth of the market and the presence of dark pools and high-frequency traders who can passively wait for opportunities like this."}
{"2082": "\n\nOne of the simplest ways to participate in the foreign exchange market is through Forex trading. If you believe that the Indian Rupee (INR) is going to depreciate, you can buy foreign currency futures. Conversely, if you think that the INR is going to appreciate, you can sell foreign currency futures."}
{"2083": "\n\nUnfortunately, Australian bureaucrats have made it impossible for small business owners to register without disclosing their personal information, including full name, home address, date of birth, and more. While officials claim that this is necessary to prevent crime, money laundering, and terrorism, it is suffocating small businesses to benefit large capitalistic enterprises. Many entrepreneurs who work from home feel unsafe sharing their personal details, given the potential risks posed by weirdos and identity thieves. Some use abbreviated forms of their name and surname for their business, but this can create problems when cashing checks. Although the bank account may be long-standing and the name variation obviously belongs to the account holder, the bank often requires customers to request that checks be made out to their full name or designated as \"bearer.\" Sadly, while individual privacy is ostensibly protected in Australia, this is only true for those who can afford a separate business address. Even then, personal details are still published in the business register and sold to dubious entities, like credit report companies, debt collectors, and market researchers. This undermines the value of self-sufficiency and independence, as entrepreneurs are subject to constant surveillance."}
{"2084": "\n\nReporting RRSP purchases cannot be deferred as financial institutions are obligated to report these purchases to the CRA. Failure to report may result in an audit and penalties. However, while the tax deduction can be deferred to later years, you must have sufficient contribution room available in the year the purchase is made. For example, if you have $50,000 contribution room, you can contribute $50,000 at once and deduct $16,667 over the next 3 years. In contrast, if you only have $20,000 contribution room, over-contributing will result in penalties. It's best to make contributions based on your available contribution room each year. Additionally, the lifetime overcontribution limit is $2,000, which cannot be deducted, and doesn't accumulate each year."}
{"2085": "\n\nMy two primary home purchases were both bought at or near the asking price. The first purchase was made during the local seller's market in 2001-2002 when open houses drew long waiting lines. In hindsight, we may have purchased more house than we needed at the time, but the decision was driven by the market for properties with the desired location and features. The second home was bought a bit after the market peak in 2008 at a price lower than similar properties in the area. Despite being bought at the asking price, our second home still appraises higher than what we paid for it. \n\nMy brother-in-law, on the other hand, got into a bidding war for his first home and ultimately spent more than the asking price, which was typical for houses in the area. In real estate, it is important to know the area or get an agent you trust and who can explain the pricing strategy based on comps. While agents do need to make money, the better ones focus on repeat business from sellers and referrals from satisfied clients. \n\nSelling a property requires less work for agents, so they are eager for buyers to come back to them. If, for some reason, the relationship with an agent does not feel right, it is best to have an honest conversation and give them the opportunity to improve it. A realtor friend once told me that getting out of a buyer's contract is often easier than getting out of a seller's. This is because the buyer has more power in the negotiation process since they have what the seller wants."}
{"2086": "\n\nAlthough I hesitate to rely on Wikipedia as a source, it does provide a precise definition of what you are seeking. The S&P 500 is an index of 500 large-cap common stocks that are actively traded in the United States, compiled and published since 1957. This index is capitalization-weighted and free-float, meaning that the committee who selects the stocks ensures they are publicly traded on the two largest American stock exchanges, the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ. The selection process is guided by the need to represent various industries within the American economy, hence privately or mutually held companies and stocks that lack liquidity are excluded. The weight of each stock in the S&P 500 index is based on the market capitalization, and any changes in the stock price have a corresponding effect on the weight of that particular stock. If a stock value rises, its weight in the index increases; if it goes down too much, it will be replaced. Thus, if a stock were to suddenly soar in value, it would increase the index overall and also make up a larger percentage of the S&P 500 index."}
{"2087": "\n\nMajor websites like Yahoo only provide the top 10 positions of a fund. For accurate information regarding a fund's positions as of the 31st of December, download its annual report and refer to page 18. It is important to note that the actual positions may vary, and this holds true for all funds. To ensure accuracy, it is necessary to consult the fund's annual report."}
{"2088": "\n\nYour question is quite complex as it requires knowledge of the investor's market beliefs. For any quantitative portfolio, an estimate of the expected return vector and covariance matrix of the assets in question is fundamental. However, estimating the expected return vector can be difficult as there is no consensus on what it should be, and there is no clear way of determining who is right or wrong. In a world that meets the conditions of the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM), this uncertainty can be bypassed as the main implication of the model is that the market weights are optimal. Therefore, to answer your question in such a scenario, one should determine the market weights of the various assets and use those alongside saving in a risk-free account or borrowing, depending on the risk tolerance of the investor. Moreover, this approach has the advantage of requiring minimal rebalancing since the weights in the portfolio adjust at the same rate as the market weights. However, any portfolio that includes factors beyond CAPM's fair pricing will also include some notion of expected return, which raises the question of whether you have such a notion. If you do, you can combine your information with the market weights to construct a portfolio. The Black-Litterman method, for instance, takes the expected return vector implied by market weights and the covariance matrix and blends it with the investor's expected return vector before using mean-variance optimization to generate the final portfolio weights."}
{"2089": "\n\nI do not believe there are any online tools available that would enable you to accomplish this task. The amount of work needed to create such a tool outweighs the perceived advantages for users. Web providers prefer to keep their data displays as straightforward as possible, as excessive features can perplex the average user."}
{"2090": "\n\nThis text can be revised for clarity and conciseness. Here is a possible revision:\n\nA 10-year note is a type of debt issued by the US Treasury that matures in 10 years and pays interest twice a year. In the calculator, it represents a medium-term, low-risk investment used to adjust the company's gains. The reason for this discounting is explained on the linked page. Canadian investors can use the yield of similar Canadian securities quoted by Bank of Canada, but American notes are also easily accessible. To err on the side of caution, use the higher US figure."}
{"2091": "\n\nThe issue with your thinking is that you are considering a day as the only natural unit of time. However, inventory decisions for securities can take anywhere from minutes to months. You could pose a similar question regarding why a dealer would hold onto cash. As profit-maximizing firms, dealers will accept deals that are profitable, based on their chosen risk level. For example, consider a stock with an average daily volume of 1,000 shares, but with an order for 10,000 shares. If the dealer can offer a sufficient discount, they would be foolish not to fulfill the order.\n\nAdditionally, your assumption that all orders are unique is not accurate. Dividend reinvestment plans (DRIP) typically prompt planned purchases on a fixed day and are often spread out over a period, such as ten days. Therefore, dealers accumulate positions leading up to the date that a good discount becomes available, fulfilling the DRIP orders from their own account. They are careful not to disrupt the market leading up to the date, allowing for the volume requested to shift prices upward before filling the order."}
{"2092": "\n\nWithout all the details, including your salary for each option, it is difficult to give a definitive answer. However, based on the information provided, I believe you made a good decision. \n\nIf you had opted for a 1099, you would have had to pay self-employment tax, but you would have also been eligible to deduct business expenses. Choosing a W2 with benefits could have been advantageous if you required healthcare coverage, as group plans could be more affordable and healthcare payments would not be taxed. However, if you didn't require healthcare coverage, this could have been a waste. If you chose a W2 without benefits, it may be a good compromise if your salary falls between that of the 1099 and the W2 with benefits."}
{"2093": "\n\nTo simplify this analysis, let's consider the \"what-ifs.\" As per the amortization formula and the numbers provided by you, your current interest rate is 3.75%. Also, you have already made 17 semi-monthly payments of $680.04 out of a 30-year, 720-payment loan term. If you choose to pay an additional $100 every two weeks towards your mortgage, your semi-monthly payments will increase to $780, and you can pay off the mortgage in 23 years instead of 30. This means you will make 557 payments instead of 703, reducing your payments from $478,040 to $434,460. This will save you $43,580 in interest costs over time. \n\nOnce the mortgage is paid off, you will have $780 semi-monthly for the remaining 73 months of your original 30-year loan (a total of $113,880) to invest elsewhere. The future value annuity formula can be used to determine the interest rate required to receive $113,880 over the course of 24 payments. Assuming that you invest this money in a security that provides the same interest rate you currently receive, you will need an APR of 3.07% on the account to accrue the same amount of savings as you would by paying off the mortgage.\n\nHowever, you are unlikely to keep your savings in your mattress. Rather, you might invest the money in the same security you are considering now. If you choose this route, the interest rate on the account must be greater than 3.75% to compensate for the interest you would have saved by paying down your mortgage. \n\nIt is important to note that the real-time value of the money remains the same, no matter how you invest it. Additionally, if you live in the United States, the interest charges on your mortgage are tax-deductible. So if you are in the most common wage-earner tax bracket, you will miss out on $10,895 in potential tax savings over the life of the loan. If you subtract these extra taxes, the break-even APR on the annuity account is about 3.095%. \n\nIn short, paying off the mortgage can save you a considerable amount of money in interest costs. However, you must consider the potential tax deductions and invest your savings wisely to maximize your profits."}
{"2094": "\n\nWhen I was younger, I experienced an issue with Washington Mutual. Someone deposited a check into my account, then used a duplicate of my debit card to run my account negative. Washington Mutual held my account for three months while they investigated because the issue was not only debit card fraud but also check fraud. At that time, all the money I had was in that account, and the situation greatly disrupted my life. Since then, I have abstained from using my debit cards and opted for multiple checking accounts to disperse risks and avoid any further upheaval in case of a similar incident. Now, I keep one account with just enough money and a buffer to cover my monthly expenses while another serves as my primary checking account. Having multiple checking accounts poses no harm and can even benefit your finances, but getting a business account is unnecessary unless you have a registered business."}
{"2095": "\n\nDeciding whether to use a payroll service to manage taxes (and potentially payroll tasks) depends on your level of familiarity with taxes and computer technologies. If you are comfortable using tools like Excel, Quicken, TurboTax, or TaxAct to manage your taxes, then handling payroll taxes related to a nanny's wages is relatively easy. However, if you typically provide a shoebox filled with receipts and paystubs to your accountant during tax season and rely on them to prepare your personal income tax returns, hiring a payroll service is necessary. Since there is only one employee to be paid, this approach can be costly, without the benefit of economies of scale."}
{"2096": "\n\nStop orders and stop-limit orders are generally not executed during extended hours trading sessions. This is because stop orders are considered market orders, which typically do not execute during extended sessions. However, there may be exceptions, as some brokers may present order types differently to customers than their programming actually allows. Therefore, it is important to ask your broker about their practices. \n\nOrders created during normal market hours will not execute in extended sessions. To execute a stop order during extended sessions, a new order would need to be created. If the price of the security stays below your stop price during normal market hours, your stop order should execute. A stop-limit order may not be as effective in this situation, as creating a limit order above the best bid/ask may prevent it from being executed."}
{"2097": "\n\nYou can conveniently retrieve financial statements from 10K and 10Q filings through Last10K.com's mobile app at Last10K.com/mobile. Please note: I am an employee of Last10K.com."}
{"2098": "\n\nHow can I invest my money to ensure consistent returns? If you prefer a hands-off approach, consider engaging a fee-only financial planner to create an automated investment plan that generates a reliable cash flow. Alternatively, annuities are another classic option. Keep in mind that most investments require some degree of time commitment, and there are potential risks associated with each type. For example, stock investments may be affected by market closures, while bonds could default due to financial instability. Real estate and insurance products may be subject to natural disasters, high vacancies, or sudden claims, which can impact your returns. Ultimately, there is no perfect solution, so it's important to carefully evaluate your long-term goals, risk tolerance, and investment strategy, including regular maintenance of your plan. While investing in a bank FD, land, or gold are additional options, it's important to consider the potential risks and returns associated with each investment."}
{"2099": "\n\nIt appears that your intention is to evaluate the company's values rather than solely focusing on the stock price. Instead of solely examining the share price, why not gather information on the total outstanding shares and the stock price to calculate the market cap? This way, you can compare the changes in the market cap, providing a more comprehensive evaluation of the company's performance."}
{"2100": "\n\nThe crucial factor to consider is the percentage of the company represented by the shares, as the number of shares alone is not indicative of their value. To approximate an estimate on the grant's worth, one must calculate the percentage and total company value. For startups, it may be more beneficial to multiply the percentage by a reasonable \"exit\" value, such as the projected sale or IPO amount. It is essential to keep in mind that many grants expire upon leaving the company, and unvested shares will not be reimbursed, so ensure to cash out vested shares before departing. Vesting is another crucial aspect to consider, with the most prevailing practice in the tech industry being a 1/4 quarter vesting over one year, followed by quarterly vesting over three years."}
{"2101": "\n\nThe trades made after 5 pm on December 12th were Ex-DIV, which means that they did not include the shares set for the spinoff. The process is highly organized, and no one pays $60 without receiving the spinoff or pays $30 and still gets it. However, the reason behind the nearly three-week delay to make the spinoff shares available remains unclear. It's worth noting that the stock options also undergo adjustments. Therefore, someone owning a $50 put isn't suddenly in the money on December 13th. It's essential to mention that the ABT quote in the December 24th issue of Barron's presented both the original quote and the WI (when issued) for the stock, excluding the spinoff company. (Note: I am not a hoarder; I simply realized I had a few Barron's issues in my paper pile when I started a fire last night.)"}
{"2102": "\n\nThe goal is to accomplish two objectives by going public: to become publicly traded and to increase wealth. The real profits are not solely based on the cash flow; rather, the profits come from the market valuing the company at a higher price. For instance, assuming a company brings in $1000 of cash flow and distributes it among its employees and owners, the company's potential to increase to $2000 the following year and $4000 the year after can lead to positive outcomes for everyone involved, especially if they decide to go public. In such a case, the company's promoters and employees with options or RSUs will benefit greatly from its increased visibility. Google and Facebook did not require the IPO proceeds when they went public since they had enough cash from their businesses, but the move helped increase their net worth significantly. By selling just a small percentage of shares on the public market, the company can be valued highly, factoring in future cash flows using a discount rate, among other factors. Rather than waiting for the profits to accumulate over the next 15 years, the company would get to enjoy them instantly."}
{"2103": "\n\nRevised: Money transfers to the UK are generally not subject to taxes, allowing for easy investment opportunities. However, once the funds are deposited, standard business tax regulations apply. Corporations must pay corporation tax while individual taxation depends on residency status; anyone receiving distributions may be obligated to pay income tax."}
{"2104": "\n\nRevised: This website operates as a binary options market and is licensed by the \"gaming authority\" of Malta, known for being a lenient \"pay to play\" jurisdiction in the European Union. While it may sell access to tighter regulatory regimes, it is essential to note that it is a gambling website and is not licensed by securities regulations. Even if it were more disguised as a financial service, success on this site cannot be guaranteed. It is advisable to seek out reviews from existing customers to gain a better understanding of the website's functioning. It is important to distinguish that this is not investing, as no product offered has a positive expected value. Though the cash settled binary options may seem entertaining, there may be issues with withdrawing funds and unexplained fees."}
{"2105": "\n\nThis is not solely a matter of finance, but rather a legal issue. It is advisable to seek counsel from a lawyer. In order to protect your credit, it may be necessary to pay off the bank immediately and address any disputes with your ex-partner at a later time. It is crucial to remember that the bank is entitled to receive the owed amount of money."}
{"2106": "\n\nThere is a substantial amount of empirical evidence supporting the dividend price effect, which can be easily found by searching \"dividend price effect evidence\" online. As with any economic theory, there are varying schools of thought and theories. One school maintains that this effect represents a market inefficiency, as the earning power and value of an equity are not fundamentally affected or made riskier by the percentage of market capitalization paid out as dividends. Most papers agree that, according to the efficient market hypothesis and arbitrage theory, the value of an equity is reflected by its price at any given point in time. Therefore, if an equity pays a dividend, the adjusted price should already reflect this information, and the holder would not receive any excess value from the price immediately before the dividend payment. Including the dividend payment would otherwise create an arbitrage opportunity."}
{"2107": "\n\nI have been struggling to find information on remortgaging Help to Buy loans, but I came across an informative article (http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/mortgageshome/article-3038831/Help-Buy-borrowers-risk-missing-best-remortgage-deals.html) that explains it is possible, though few lenders offer such deals. The article lists some lenders and their specific equity requirements. It is important to note that the amount of equity you have built up will be a critical factor. You will not receive the full valuation increase credited to Help to Buy, so your total equity will be less than anticipated. Assuming you have not paid off much, your current equity should be just over 18%, based on \u00a324k plus \u00a37k, in addition to what you have already paid off. While this is higher than most equity limits, you would only receive cash out based on the difference between your current equity and the equity required for the loan. For instance, if you are seeking a loan requiring 15% equity, you would only receive 3% difference in cash-out, equivalent to \u00a35.1k, before fees. While shopping around is advisable, I do not believe you currently have sufficient equity to receive much cash from a refi. Best of luck."}
{"2108": "\n\nFirst, it is important to clarify that the term \"resistance\" should be used instead of \"support\" when referring to above the current price level. Secondly, relying on a moving average (MA) as a support or resistance level means that it will adjust as the price fluctuates, rather than remaining static at a set price point.\n\nGenerally, stocks tend to move in a range trade more frequently than they trend significantly up or down. It is not unusual for a stock to fluctuate between support and resistance levels for months, or even years. The longer a stock remains in a range trade, the more dramatic the breakout will be when it inevitably occurs.\n\nUsing MAs, particularly shorter ones, as a support or resistance line is most effective when a stock is already trending up or down. In cases where a stock is moving laterally, it is more likely to cross over the MA frequently, which can result in being whipsawed if the MA is used as a trigger to enter or exit a position.\n\nTo illustrate this point, consider two charts. In the first chart, the stock has been trending upwards for six months, with the 50-day EMA serving as its support or trendline. As long as the stock price remains above the 50-day EMA, the uptrend should continue. Using the EMA as an entry point or stop loss level may be appropriate for this situation.\n\nIn contrast, the second chart depicts a stock that has been range trading between a support line at $21.80 and resistance level at $25.50 for ten months. During this time, the stock price has repeatedly crossed above and below the 50-day EMA. Attempting to trade every break above or below the EMA can result in whipsawing. Instead, it may be wiser to buy when the stock approaches the support line and sell when it nears the resistance line.\n\nIt is essential to use different strategies when a stock is range trading compared to when it is trending. During a trend, MAs can be useful as an entry signal, but range trading requires different tactics. When going long, place stops just below the support line, and when going short, place stops just above the resistance level. This approach ensures that if the stock breaks through support or resistance and starts to trend, you are covered."}
{"2109": "\n\nThe question states it perfectly: \"unforeseen critical needs.\" While new tires for your car are critical, they are not unforeseen. Conversely, if a tree falls on your car and you need to pay the insurance deductible for repairs, that would be unforeseen. It's important to budget for expenses that can be planned in advance, such as car maintenance and repairs. An emergency fund is reserved for unexpected expenses."}
{"2110": "\n\nYou do not have to take any action as the bank will automatically report any transfer over $10,000. However, it is unlikely that the transfer will raise any red flags unless it is a regular occurrence. In the worst-case scenario, someone may inquire about the source of the funds, and in this case, you can simply explain that the transfer was for tuition payments. To avoid any issues, it would be wise to keep documentation of the tuition payment, such as a bill or bank statement, to demonstrate where the funds came from. Furthermore, if your friend pays you any interest on the loan, you are required to report it as taxable income on your tax return."}
{"2111": "\n\nIf you previously purchased a call option and then sold it to someone else, what you are essentially doing is selling the call option that you originally bought. As a result, you are left with no position in the market. It is important to note that this only applies if you are referring to the same strike price and expiration date."}
{"2112": "\n\nA better version would be:\n\nThe best course of action would be to invest in a Roth account. If you are below 50 years of age, you can contribute up to $5,500, and if you are older, you can contribute up to $6,500. It's always good to have your funds divided equally into pre-tax and post-tax accounts. With a Roth account, you can be more aggressive with your investments because you can withdraw the funds without incurring taxes or penalties. It's wise to diversify your retirement portfolio while taxes are historically low."}
{"2113": "\n\nAs someone who has experienced both sides, I can see the advantages and drawbacks. From an employer's perspective, I found that managing all the paperwork was a big hassle. There were numerous government forms, legal requirements, insurance policies, taxes, payroll, accounting tasks, year-end reports, bank account management, and inventory tracking to deal with. The best bosses are those who focus on creating a positive work environment that fosters productivity. Happy employees who feel valued will produce high-quality products that satisfy customers and contribute to the company's success. However, I eventually returned to being an employee because I wanted to leave work behind after hours. Unfortunately, employers can't always do the same."}
{"2114": "\n\nMy experience is only within the United States. Previously, American Express marketed its products as more prestigious and exclusive compared to other cards. They aimed to create the impression that cardholders were financially qualified. This led to higher fees for both merchants and cardholders. During the early 1990s, people didn't often use credit cards for small purchases like groceries or fast food. Instead, they used them for bigger purchases like jewelry, electronics, or meals at high-end restaurants. As credit card usage became prevalent for everyday purchases, there was a shift towards acquiring the highest number of customers, rather than people of higher financial status. As a result, the transaction volume for Visa (and to some extent for Mastercard) increased significantly, while the use of American Express decreased. Merchants became less interested in accepting American Express cards as their customer base changed. As a merchant, to accept credit cards, it's necessary to establish a bank account and maintain a merchant account. However, accepting Visa, MC, and Discover can be done under one account. In contrast, American Express requires a separate relationship, along with its own set of rules and fees, which tend to be higher. Since there are fewer American Express cardholders than there are Visa cardholders, there's some doubt about whether accepting the card is worthwhile. Merchants decide based on their customer base. Generally, high-end restaurants still accept American Express."}
{"2115": "\n\nHave you ever saved money before? Even if you haven't, chances are you've had to gather some cash for a particular purpose at some point in your life. In my experience, creating a more engaging approach to saving, like setting aside funds for specific goals, tends to yield better results than simply saving for a rainy day without any clear objective in mind. \n\nTo start, divide your money into different categories based on your goals. For example, you could set up a separate savings account for your new car fund, keep your emergency stash in cash at home, and invest in stocks for your new business capital. By doing this, you begin to distance yourself from the traditional concept of simply saving money without any clear idea of what the funds will be used for. \n\nIt's worth noting that savings accounts don't typically yield much in terms of returns, and inflation can quickly erode any gains made. Instead, allocate your funds with a purpose in mind, add to them as your income increases, and put the money towards tangible items or experiences when the timing feels right."}
{"2116": "\n\nOne idea that I came across while reading through several personal finance blogs is to develop a niche website that offers quality content and generates revenue through ads. An example provided by one of the authors was a website he created with lessons on basic Spanish. Such a specific topic has a decent probability of gaining popularity, even with the absence of fresh content, which is ideal if you're aiming for passive income. Although the advertising income may not be substantial, it is expected to remain above zero for an extended period."}
{"2117": "\n\nAssuming you manage to get past Rocky's answer, there are still several problems with this plan. Firstly, you cannot assume that spending $50K on construction costs will result in the same amount of increased property value. The return on investment for home improvements is usually much lower than 100%, and additional property taxes will eat into your potential profits. Furthermore, there are limited physical and legal boundaries to how much you can expand your home, with zoning restrictions in most markets, and eventually a cap on lot size. Continuously obtaining loans for expansion will result in diminishing returns in the eyes of potential buyers. While a third or fourth bedroom may be desirable, a second billiards room or third home theater is unlikely to significantly influence offers. Eventually, your home will become a \"ridiculous castle\" that only a select few might want, further reducing the potential pool of buyers and their willingness to pay. Finally, lenders will not want to finance your project indefinitely, knowing they will be stuck with the property if you default."}
{"2118": "\n\nA credit spread involves purchasing a call (or put) at one strike and selling another call (or put) at a different strike with the same maturity, resulting in two transactions. Your broker will execute this order themselves by reviewing the current bids and asks for the different strikes until the difference matches (or exceeds) your limit order. Since they cannot guarantee that individual limit orders will be executed, they cannot place them separately. The broker is only concerned with the price difference between the two legs and may use computer systems to identify existing bids and asks that will fulfill your order. However, the exchange will not see your actual limit order; only the market orders placed by your broker."}
{"2119": "\n\nThe role of audit support may vary depending on what you have paid for, but generally, it is a separate service from return preparation. Should there be any professional errors committed by your accountant, you have the right to request a correction and reimbursement from that accountant. Other than that, any accountant can assist you during an audit, regardless of who prepared your return. Nevertheless, the original accountant may have a better understanding of why you reported each number and how it was calculated. If you have kept all your documents, it can be recalculated again, as this is usually the process during an audit."}
{"2120": "\n\nThe formula for excess cash is flawed as it fails to take into account certain important factors. Firstly, it includes long-term investments which may not be easily convertible to cash such as real estate, thereby producing misleading results. Additionally, the formula overlooks the value of current assets like receivables which could offset current liabilities. To rectify this issue, the current assets and current liabilities must first be balanced out before adding cash and equivalents. Therefore, the revised formula for excess cash would be: Excess Cash = Current Assets - Current Liabilities + Cash & Equivalents. It would be more beneficial if long-term investments were categorized as either liquid (stocks, bonds) or illiquid (real estate, private equity, etc) and disclosed accordingly, to help provide more accurate calculations of excess cash."}
{"2121": "\n\nMy online savings account currently offers an interest rate of 1.25%, meaning that with $100K deposited, I can earn around $104 per month without any risk, timing, or hassle. While it is possible to earn money by making small changes in stock valuations, there are often safer and more profitable options for investing your money. In fact, there are options that offer higher returns with less risk than a traditional bank account."}
{"2122": "\n\nMaria, when considering this problem, there are several questions to ponder. Firstly, do fundamental or technical strategies provide valuable insights? Secondly, are the signals they generate actionable? Based on my experience, technical analysis usually does not provide any meaningful information. While you can identify certain phenomena and indicators when looking back at data, these observations are usually not actionable in real-time. Conversely, fundamentals can play a critical role in the overall, typically long-term, dynamics of stock movement. For example, buying stocks with the best P/E ratios can make sense from a logical perspective and may have some long-term merit. However, there is always the risk that an internal blowup or macro event could result in significant losses.\n\nTo strike a balance, we could consider using fundamentals to identify promising long-term growth indicators (what quants might call \"drift\"). Then, we could limit ourselves to equities in a particular index, such as the S&P500, and compare their growth with their P/E ratios. We could even do some regression for good measure. A natural strategy would be to sell equities that have exceeded their expected return given the P/E ratio and buy those that have underperformed. Since all the equities we are considering are in the same index, they are likely to be somewhat correlated, especially when traded in baskets. If we sell ten equities deemed \"too high\" and buy ten that are \"too low,\" we'll take a neutral position and bet on convergence of the spread to the market average growth. We've thus constructed a hedged position using a fundamental metric and some helpful statistics. This method may be classified as a type of index arbitrage, and it can be conducted in a similar manner. By digging through data on the S&P500 over the past five years on platforms like Yahoo Finance, you'll likely find plenty of signals that could be profitable if calibrated with specific numbers. Sorry for the long and rambling style, but I wanted to touch on key points and demonstrate some clever ways to use fundamentals."}
{"2123": "\n\nThis chart provides a concise summary of the FED's balance sheet, including their purchases of US treasuries and mortgage-backed securities. It highlights the significant amount of money created by the FED through their asset purchases over the last two years. The FED increases the money supply by \"printing\" new money to finance these purchases. Additionally, as lucius has pointed out, fractional reserve banking also contributes to money creation. For example, if the FED buys assets from Bank A, Bank A can use the resulting funds to make loans, which in turn increases the supply of money as the loan recipients deposit these funds into other banks. Notably, it took 95 years for the FED to print the first $900 billion, while the second $900 billion was produced in only one year."}
{"2124": "\n\nThis individual is required to pay taxes in the foreign country as well as the U.S., which is uncommon as typically only the U.S. enforces this obligation. However, they may not necessarily face double taxation depending on the particular country since the U.S. usually acknowledges taxes already paid in another country. Nonetheless, there are some exceptional circumstances to consider. For example, even though Canada has a higher tax rate on average than the U.S., an individual could still owe additional tax if they utilize Canada's Tax-Free Savings Account plan, as it is not recognized in the U.S. Whether or not this individual should establish a company is a complex matter that is ultimately contingent on the tax regulations of the countries involved. They should consult with a specialized accountant for advice on personal vs. business taxation and tax laws affecting U.S. citizens. It is mandatory for this person to file and pay taxes in the U.S. even if they are residing outside of the country."}
{"2125": "\n\nYou seem to be confusing LLCs with corporations. LLCs and corporations are different entities, and LLCs do not have \u201cS\u201d or \u201cC\u201d designations, which are only for corporations. You may be thinking about electing pass-through status with the IRS, which is the easiest option for you. With pass-through status, your company can pay you irregularly and in varying amounts without concern from the IRS. Your company will show profit or loss at the end of the year, and the payments you receive do not count as expenses and will not reduce your profit. You must report these earnings on Schedule C and pay tax on them, but your state tax authority may have different regulations. Alternatively, you can choose to have your LLC taxed like a corporation, though this would likely not benefit you. I strongly recommend hiring an accountant to prepare your taxes. This investment is worthwhile, and you can use the previous year\u2019s returns in future years. \n\nBuying a house in the next few years can have an impact on your finances, particularly if your income is from self-employment. Expect difficulties securing a mortgage, as lenders usually require two years\u2019 worth of self-employment tax returns. Plan ahead by speaking with loan officers at your credit union to understand their requirements. With careful planning, you can be ready when the time comes."}
{"2126": "\n\nTo ensure your GTC order is operational during the Extended Hours session, you usually have to indicate your preference. On TD Ameritrade's Thinkorswim platform, you have four choices: DAY, GTC, EXT or GTC_EXT. In your particular case, selecting GTC_EXT is the appropriate option."}
{"2127": "\n\nHere are the potential steps that I can envision taking:"}
{"2128": "\n\nTo accomplish the task, you should utilize a user-friendly programming language to implement a scan that queries all stocks and shows only those with volume below 100."}
{"2129": "\n\nDue to my lack of knowledge regarding the specifics of your financial situation, please keep in mind that the given advice is general. It may be worth considering the help of a financial counselor to obtain personalized guidance. You may be able to find free services at your local church. I strongly recommend against applying for another loan, as well as making credit card charges. You were absolutely correct in describing your situation as a \u201cnightmare.\u201d Accumulating more debt would merely provide a short-term solution, further exacerbating your situation. It is crucial that you assess your income and prioritize your spending. Please focus on your basic needs such as shelter, food, and utilities. While paying off old debt and medical bills is important, it should not supersede securing your basic needs. Consider ways to cut down costs for basic necessities, such as downsizing your living arrangements. Community programs such as food banks and the Salvation Army may also offer food assistance. Being able to travel to work is also a basic need, and public transportation is a viable option if you cannot afford a working car. It may be more economical to repair your car instead of purchasing a new one, but you must determine the cost of repairs and evaluate your financial situation accordingly. To repair your car, you may have to suspend payments on non-essential expenses such as medical debt. Although some of these solutions may harm your credit score, going further into debt to preserve your credit score could potentially worsen your current situation. If necessary, accepting a credit score reduction temporarily may allow you to stabilize your situation so that you can eventually tackle your debt. Please talk to the pastor of a local church for additional guidance that is specific to your situation."}
{"2130": "\n\nWhen it comes to selling stocks, there are various options, each with its own advantages and drawbacks. While a put option is a reliable but costly choice, a sell stop order is less expensive but less dependable. A put option is similar to an insurance policy on a stock, where you pay a preset price, securing a sale price for a specific future date. If the stock depreciates significantly, you exercise the option and sell it at the contract price. On the other hand, if the stock value goes up, you can let the contract expire and keep the stock. However, relying on put options long-term can be unfavorable since each expired contract will offset earnings, reducing profits.\n\nA sell stop order is generally cheaper but not as secure, and you set a trigger price, like a 10% loss of the stock's current value. If the stock hits the threshold, it then triggers a sell order, and the broker will sell the stock on the market, take their commission, and you will receive the remainder of the sale. Nonetheless, this process can only be completed if a buyer is willing to purchase at the price at the moment the trigger fires. If the stock value drops rapidly or there isn't a buyer at that price, the order may not complete until the loss reaches more than the desired 10%, even up to 20%.\n\nA sell stop limit is a combination stop order and limit order. These orders define a selling range by determining a band within which the stock will be sold, not above or below the specified price. This allows you to limit losses and determine the price at which the stock should be sold. The price range must be realistic and broad enough to ensure that the sell order executes, which can save you from significant losses.\n\nAnother option is a swaption, which involves buying a put option on one financial instrument and a call on another. This option contract specifies a swap, allowing you to exchange your stock for another instrument if it becomes favorable. For instance, you could swap an airline stock for oil. If the value of oil surges, the airline stock value will drop sharply, allowing you to avoid losses and reap gains on the swap. However, swaptions can also be expensive, and sellers will want a high return if they bet against you.\n\nIn summary, selling stocks involves making various choices, each with its advantages and disadvantages. It's recommended to consult with a financial advisor before making any significant investment decisions."}
{"2131": "\n\nDeveloping self-discipline in spending habits is essential for managing a variable income that may fluctuate from time to time. Although the income may seem unsteady, adopting consistent frugal spending habits can alleviate a considerable amount of stress."}
{"2132": "\n\nAs Jack points out, several services are scams, and even the legitimate ones are not entirely necessary as you could do most things yourself."}
{"2133": "\n\nVenezuela operates under a command economy that is currently experiencing severe inflation, with rates reaching several hundred percent. Due to this economic turmoil, the government has limited or eliminated exchanges between their currency and foreign currencies. Presently, they allow limited exchange at fixed rates, which vary between 6.3, 13.5, and 200 for specific purchases, but otherwise prohibit any currency exchange between the two. Nonetheless, a black market exists (illegal in Venezuela but legal in the US), where the price of exchange fluctuates much higher than official rates, as much as 900 according to Valuewalk, with slightly different official rates. Valuewalk delves into the different exchange rates in detail, explaining that there are presently four exchange rates. The first, called CENCOEX, represents the official exchange rate of 6.30 bolivars to the dollar, and is only intended for the importation of food and medicine. The next two rates, SICAD I (12 bolivars per dollar) and SICAD 2 (50 bolivars per dollar), assign dollars to enterprises that import all other types of goods. However, due to the limited availability of US dollars, coupons are auctioned infrequently, with weekly auctions for SICAD 1 and daily for SICAD 2. Yet, with the ongoing economic crisis, no dollars have been allocated for foreign exchange transactions, and auctions have not taken place since August 18, 2015. As of November 2015, the Venezuelan government held only $16 billion in foreign exchange reserves, the lowest levels in over ten years, with complete depletion expected in four years at the current rate of depletion. The most recent exchange rate is SIMADI, currently set at 200 bolivars per dollar and reserved for the purchase and sale of foreign currency by individuals and businesses."}
{"2134": "\n\nI don't believe the bank would view the 52K as equity. In most cases, a rent-to-own agreement is considered a lease-option contract which involves leasing the property for a fixed amount of time with the option to purchase it at a reduced price at some point during the lease. It's more likely the bank would consider this a negotiated price. Down payment assistance plans are typically considered price negotiations by the IRS for calculating the basis cost, and I think this situation is similar. Your basis cost would likely be $236,800 instead of $296,000."}
{"2135": "\n\nA lease is essentially a rental agreement. You obtain financing to cover the expected depreciation during the lease term. This arrangement typically results in higher costs over the course of your \"ownership.\" However, this does not necessarily mean that a lease is always a worse option. Cars are generally a depreciating asset, with the exception of luxury models that are scarce and highly sought after. When you take ownership of a car, it begins to lose value, and new cars generally lose value at a faster rate than used ones. If you were to purchase a new car and then sell it after three years, the overall cost would likely be less than leasing the same car for 36 months. However, purchasing a car requires a substantial down payment or higher monthly payments, and you would need to sell the car after the 36 months. Certain cars lease better than others because their projected depreciation is more favorable. Personally, I purchased a slightly used car with a factory warranty extension. For my next vehicle, I may choose to lease since late-model cars are becoming increasingly expensive to maintain. It's important to keep in mind that even though leasing provides convenience, cash flow flexibility, and eliminates the need to sell or trade-in the car, the total cost over the same time frame will be higher than purchasing the vehicle."}
{"2136": "\n\nI can suggest the following revision:\n\nYou inquired about the tax implications of selling shares while residing in the US. Yes, the sales are taxable in the US, regardless of the manner and circumstances of acquisition. However, the timing of purchasing the shares can affect whether they are categorized as short or long term capital gains. To report this transaction, file a Schedule D and adhere to the instructions provided. Be certain that you can verify the cost basis accurately, based on the purchase price of the shares sold and the taxable income received at vesting."}
{"2137": "\n\nChris's answer is a great starting point, but it's important to keep in mind that withdrawing from a Roth IRA decreases its overall value. It's not possible to simply add back the amount you withdrew if your startup succeeds since there is a limit to the amount you can contribute each year (around $5k). One option to consider is using a credit card to fund your startup, ideally through a balance transfer at 0% interest for $10k. This way, if your startup takes off, your Roth IRA remains untouched. However, relying solely on $10k in savings to quit your job and pursue a startup may not be the most comfortable situation. Ultimately, the decision is yours."}
{"2138": "\n\nThe correct version could be:\n\nYou are required to pay your taxes in the UK and not the USA. This is determined by the tax residency of your company, and not the location of the server you are renting in the USA. For instance, if you were to use a CDN for your service, such as Akamai, you wouldn't be expected to pay taxes in 300 different countries. Such an expectation would be unrealistic."}
{"2139": "\n\nMany individuals have supplied excellent answers to the inquiry at hand and have given sound advice with convincing justifications. Below are some additional insights to consider regarding the matter. \n\n1) The investment manager inquiry: Although the returns on your capital have been relatively low for the past six months, it is essential to recognize that some investments require more time to yield significant growth. You could schedule a meeting with your investment manager to inquire about where your funds have been invested and the reason for the low returns. If your investment manager is unwilling to provide a satisfactory explanation (as you have stated in your query), it is advisable to follow Xolorus & Pete\u2019s advice and withdraw all of your capital from the investment manager and store it in a bank account until you find a suitable alternative investment option. \n\n2) Finance is not my forte: At the age of 22, it is natural that financial matters may not come easily to you. However, it would be beneficial to explore why you assume finance to be difficult for you. As a computer science graduate, you should possess ample mathematical competency for financial matters. Perhaps you have not closely examined finance as a career option until now. For instance, self-learning is one approach, as several helpful books and online resources about finances are available. \n\n3) If finance interests you: If you consider finance to be of interest to you, it may be worthwhile to set aside a portion of your $30,000 as a seed fund, such as $2,000, to experiment with investing in the market using instruments that you find comfortable. Additionally, since you are young and can afford to assume risk, other low-risk options that you have discovered via self-study could be an excellent alternative for the rest of your funds. \n\n4) If finance does not interest you: If you are not interested in finance, then an investment manager may be the best option. As noted earlier, finding a trustworthy and reputable investment advisor may take some time, but it is worth the effort in the end. \n\n5) On returns: As previously mentioned, different investment instruments yield varying returns. However, one common question is the expected return on an investment; you were hoping for more than $12 from your investment. Answering this question is challenging, as a person's investment returns and desired financial goals dictate the answer. Nonetheless, a practical way to gauge the expectation on investment returns is to take a 15- to 20-year compounded average growth rate (CAGR) of the stock index and lower it by 2-3%, which is a modest projection of medium-to-long-term prospects (in most, but not all cases)."}
{"2140": "\n\nIt is essential to review the terms of your mortgage. If you are in a fixed-term mortgage, you may be able to overpay a specific amount of the capital annually, typically around 10%. For instance, if you currently owe \u00a3300,000, you can pay an additional \u00a330,000 this year, leaving you with a balance of approximately \u00a3260,000 next year, allowing you to pay \u00a326,000. However, it is crucial to check your mortgage terms to determine the applicable limits. It is possible to overpay beyond the limit, but you may become liable for an early repayment fee, usually ranging between 3-5% of the mortgage amount. In such cases, you would need to refinance the mortgage anyway. \n\nOn the other hand, if you are not on a fixed-term mortgage, you are generally free to overpay as much as you desire or refinance the mortgage, at least in the UK. If you have a fixed-term mortgage, it is advisable to overpay the maximum allowed amount until the fixed period expires. You can then refinance onto a mortgage that allows higher overpayments. However, this may differ depending on your interest rate, the early repayment charge limit, and your ability to overpay. Therefore, some calculations are necessary. If you choose to overpay within the limit, it would be best to do it at the beginning of the year, paying the total amount instead of dividing it by 12. This can help to lower your interest payments. When you have reached the limit, you can save the rest of the money in a savings account. After the fixed period ends, you can pay the remaining amount as a lump sum when refinancing."}
{"2141": "\n\nOne issue to consider is that each deferred account will have its own Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) once you reach retirement or age 70.5. While Roths aren't subject to RMDs at first, they are once the account creator has passed away. Having fewer accounts simplifies the RMD process, but it's still important to remember to check each account when liquidating holdings in a particular security to avoid forgetting about investments in another account. Additionally, fees may be assessed for each sale, as Chris noted. This is particularly relevant when investing heavily in one type of investment in each account, as RMDs can force you to sell at the wrong time. To avoid this, spread similar investments across multiple accounts to retain flexibility in meeting an RMD. Ultimately, having fewer accounts can make it easier to avoid this particular issue."}
{"2142": "\n\nRevised: If your effective rate after taxes is higher than the inflation rate, your wealth will decrease. For instance, if your interest rate is R and your marginal tax rate is T, you require R*(1-T) to be lower than the inflation rate to make a loan worthwhile. Recently, inflation has fluctuated between 1% and 1.8%. Assuming a 25% tax rate, is your interest rate less than 1.3% to 2.4%? If not, refrain from taking out the loan. A loan comes with additional responsibilities, such as inspections, appraisals, and origination charges that add up and become part of the closing costs. Therefore, it is better to avoid them if possible. For example, I recently bought a house using 100% cash, saving me significant time and money. My final closing costs were not in the thousands, but only a few hundred dollars. Thus, loans are not recommended, and avoiding them can save you both time and money."}
{"2143": "\n\nWhile I am not intimately familiar with the situation in Australia, I am aware that in the US, there is an interventionist philosophy that has been adopted by those in power. To keep interest rates low, the Federal Reserve (Central Bank) is buying back US Government debt, and the government is keeping mortgage rates low by utilizing the proceeds of cheap bond sales to buy mortgages. Although this is not directly related to Australia, it is relevant because the largest capital markets are in the US, which influences the markets in other countries.\n\nIn the US, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) is a survey that encompasses all urban consumers. It is important to note that younger, middle-class consumers with anticipated income growth will experience shifting costs more rapidly than elderly or poor individuals who may already own or reside in subsidized housing and spend less on transportation. For example, my parents are in their early 60s and still reside in the house where I grew up. Since they own the property outright, they are not affected by the recent fluctuation in housing prices, and there are many individuals in similar situations."}
{"2144": "\n\nIt is probable that their lack of knowledge is the reason. They hold the belief, unsupported by evidence, that information set X has been incorporated into the price but information set Y has not. In the event that a stock attribute, denoted as y and belonging to set Y, exists, the indication leans towards a \"buy\" recommendation. Nonetheless, there is a problem since there is no evidence to substantiate the identification of the factors of X and Y, or even the existence of Y in a significant manner."}
{"2145": "\n\nRevised:\n\nI want to be realistic and acknowledge that no matter how you choose to invest this money, it is unlikely to be a life-altering amount. It may not significantly affect your monthly budget or grow to a sum that lets you live rent-free, for example. As a result, my advice differs from the other answers given thus far. If I were in your position, I would suggest dividing the money in two. Put $25,000 into investments or savings and use the other half to travel. \n\nWithin this budget, you could plan a trip to Europe, South America, Asia, or Australia. Request three to six months off from work, or if that is not possible, consider quitting if you must. Determine several places you would like to visit and make sure to allocate plenty of time to explore each one. Reserve flights in advance as necessary or book one-way and pay for your return trip when you have a better understanding of your schedule. Consider staying in hostels, a tent, or affordable Airbnb accommodations. Take advantage of opportunities to meet other travelers and local residents. Identify your basic expenses per day and budget a little extra for things like food, drinks, entertainment, and souvenirs.\n\nIt is now easier than ever to travel to various destinations and be open to spontaneous adventures. The world is full of distinctive cultures, people, and sights that will broaden your horizons and help you make new friends. Some of the places you visit may be etched in your memory forever. While there is ample time to contribute to your 401K over the years, your youth and curiosity may not last forever. Seize this opportunity and go for it."}
{"2146": "\n\n\"I have experience doing this for startup companies when I wanted to avoid using my home or apartment address as the mailing address. It was purely for appearances. To find a suitable option, try searching for \"private mailbox center.\" In the past, I used Mail Boxes Etc before they were acquired by UPS. This is now the equivalent option: https://www.theupsstore.com/mailboxes. I haven't explored the option of using a dummy office for mail reception, as I imagine it would come at a higher cost. Unless items are being delivered in person, this level of security may be excessive - delivery drivers from companies such as FedEx generally don't mind dropping packages off at a UPS mailbox center.\""}
{"2147": "\n\nI am raising this question because startups carry a high level of risk, and it's often argued that 99% of them fail and lead to financial loss. However, this statistic is exaggerated; research shows that 96% of companies fail within ten years. Nonetheless, launching a successful business isn't solely dependent on luck. Rather, it primarily hinges on the strength of the business idea, and the entrepreneur's skills and resources to execute it. While there's always an element of luck involved, a savvy businessperson can evaluate the risks and potential rewards before deciding whether to pursue a venture or not. Furthermore, a failed business doesn't automatically denote that the business owner lacked skill. Indeed, a smart entrepreneur knows when it's time to walk away. Sometimes, even a lucrative business can face unforeseen changes in the market, rendering it unprofitable. In such cases, a wise owner liquidates unviable assets and pivots to another business opportunity. Only those who hesitate to let go of a failing enterprise risk being dragged down with it.\n\nSo, do you need to have a \"startup fund\"? Generally speaking, it's a smart move to save some of your disposable income for the future. Even if you never launch your own business, these savings could serve as retirement funds. As such, you should ideally put some amount of money aside every month. However, the question of whether to use these savings to start a business is highly dependent on whether you have a solid idea you're confident will succeed. To determine this, consider whether you can answer in the affirmative to all of the following questions, and if so, you may want to consider pursuing a business venture."}
{"2148": "\n\nPlease review the definition of \"primary residence\" for your area(s) of jurisdiction. In certain states, residing in a dwelling for 183 days can establish it as your primary residence for the entire year."}
{"2149": "\n\nMost likely, yes. If you sell investments for cash, you will generally be required to pay taxes on any resulting gains, without factoring in capital losses, carryovers, AGI thresholds, or other exceptions that may apply (which are not mentioned in your question). To do this, you should calculate your gain using Schedule D and report it as income on your 1040 tax return. This holds true regardless of whether you purchase different or the same types of stocks."}
{"2150": "\n\nIt is recommended to consult with a tax adviser for any tax-related questions. Please note that the information provided here should not be considered as tax advice, and it is not intended to be used to avoid any penalties imposed on the taxpayer. As for payment methods, the IRS does not have a preference, as long as the taxes (30% unless otherwise arranged) are withheld and submitted. The recipient can claim a refund if the actual tax liability is lower. Written communication is advised for record-keeping purposes and to be able to account for it as a business expense. Payment methods should be consistent with other business vendors, and the same accounting method should be used for all vendors. If any red flags are to be avoided, it is best to consult with a tax adviser instead of relying on anonymous online forums, especially if there have been no previous outsourced work."}
{"2151": "\n\nI believe the statement is flawed, as investors should not go into an investment with the mindset that they might lose. The goal of investing is to earn, not to face losses. More often than not, losses stem from feelings of fear. It's crucial to remember that a loss only occurs if you sell for less than you purchased. Thus, if you possess patience, you can likely regain your investment. When discussing financial goals with my clients, they frequently say they want to earn \"as much as possible.\" However, this isn't a specific or achievable goal, and a strategy cannot be formed around it. Having an exit strategy is vital, as it enables you to exit a stock with ease. Without a strategy, you risk unending losses. I've been a successful trader for a long time, and it wasn't because I was prepared to lose but due to my entry and exit strategy. If you have a strategy in place, the idea of investing only what you can afford to lose becomes less relevant."}
{"2152": "\n\nShareholder's Equity has two main components: the initial capitalization of the company (including shares sold during the company's founding and subsequent share issues) and retained earnings, which refers to the net profits earned by the company that have not been distributed back to shareholders. This represents the firm's total equity financing. The initial capitalization is the equity put into the company when it was founded, along with any subsequent equity increases due to share issues. Retained earnings represent the equity increase that has not yet been distributed to shareholders. \n\nBoth accounts are credited when they increase since they reflect an increase in cash which is debited. However, this does not necessarily mean that the company has that much cash on hand since the cash will likely be reinvested. Shareholder's Equity is neither an asset nor a liability. Instead, it is used to purchase assets and reduce liabilities. It is simply a measure of assets minus liabilities that is necessary to balance the accounting equation. \n\nSince the book value of stocks does not change frequently, almost all changes in total assets or liabilities are captured in retained earnings. This is because the book value of stocks represents the price the company sold it for, not the current value on the stock market. Therefore, it changes only when there are new share issues."}
{"2153": "\n\nPeer-to-peer lending platforms such as Kiva, Lending Club, Funding Circle (which caters to small businesses), SoFi (focused on student loans), Prosper, and several others offer a straightforward way to invest, as you mentioned in your question. Additionally, you might find the documentary \"97% Owned\" intriguing, as it presents an overview of the monetary system in England, which has parallels to that of the US. Specifically, the documentary illustrates that 97% of money supply is involved in some form of speculation, with only 3% used to exchange goods and services. It's worth noting that if speculative activities are concerning to you, you may need to denounce several forms of currency. Finally, it's important not to take the term \"addiction\" lightly and to avoid labeling something unethical too hastily. There are numerous individuals like yourself who work for \"unethical\" companies with the goal of changing them from within, which may come as a surprise."}
{"2154": "\n\nIt is important to remember that there are no shortcuts when it comes to trading FX. This is because it is a negative sum game with high spreads and commissions. The description of this market as chaos theory is fitting, and it is difficult to understand the various costs involved. Options can serve as insurance, but if you do not understand how they are priced, you may end up with a raw deal. Moreover, averaging can be helpful if timing is off, but this can lead to further losses. Even small trades and hedges are not immune from these issues. Therefore, it is crucial to find a counterparty who is not aligned with banks like JPM or Goldman, as these entities have zero losing days and can use your losses as ammunition. Ultimately, all of these challenges apply to all financial endeavors, as the billions of dollars made by the banks come from somewhere. It is not just a handful of novice FX traders."}
{"2155": "\n\nConsider using lifecycle funds, also known as \"target date funds,\" which are mutual funds that invest your money in other mutual funds based on how much time is left until you need the money. They follow a \"glide-path\" strategy of gradually reducing stock holdings in favor of bonds over time to reduce the volatility of your final return as you approach retirement. These funds typically do not charge a fee, yet they direct your portfolio to actively managed funds. However, the \"acquired\" expense ratio of lifecycle funds is often lower than the cost of hiring a professional. For my own investment strategy, I plan to invest in a portfolio of low-cost mutual funds that track the S&P500 and AGG and rebalance regularly, making it unnecessary to pay a 1 percent commission."}
{"2156": "\n\nUnless you have established a financial institution such as a bank, brokerage or merchant processor, the page you linked to is irrelevant. Moreover, the US tax code presents compelling reasons to reconsider your decision of not residing in the US, or at the very least, to become a shareholder in a foreign company. Failure to comply with regulations can lead to exorbitant costs, making it advisable to seek the advice of a US-licensed CPA/EA familiar with the Japanese-American tax treaty and compliance issues resolution if you are already in breach of US tax laws. If you have not yet violated the law (an unlikely scenario), renouncing your citizenship might save you considerable hassle and expense."}
{"2157": "\n\nA recommended approach to finding reliable sources for this matter is to seek out referrals from individuals you have confidence in. It is advisable to consult with a lawyer or another trusted advisor if you have one."}
{"2158": "\n\nThe product known as \"Deposit Plus\" offered by HSBC Hong Kong is equivalent to the \"Dual Currency Product\". It involves linking two currencies, with the base currency being sold and the alternative currency being the call option or put FX option. Please note that this product is not covered by the Deposit Insurance System in Hong Kong. To learn more about this type of product, you can search using keywords such as \"Dual Currency Product,\" \"Dual Currency Investment,\" or \"Dual Currency Deposit.\" This book, \"Dual Currency Product,\" with ISBN 9789574181506, contains information on one of the world's foreign exchange structured products."}
{"2159": "\n\nProviding an exact answer to this question is difficult, as the requirements may vary depending on the bank and the local regulatory scheme. Nonetheless, as a business owner, you should be prepared to provide documents related to incorporation, proof of ownership, and last year's financial statements or tax returns. This documentation may serve as proof of income when applying for credit, but additional verifications may be necessary. In most jurisdictions, a high downpayment does not eliminate the need for income verification, as banks need to ensure that you have the ability to pay the remaining amount. Moreover, they may want to confirm that the funds were acquired legally. Therefore, regardless of the downpayment, additional income proofs may be necessary. It is recommended that you review your documents and contact several banks to explore your options and potential for a custom-tailored arrangement."}
{"2160": "\n\nTo calculate, divide the Price by the Earnings, Sales, or Free Cash Flow. You can find most of these calculations already done for you on various finance sites if the data is available. Some examples include Yahoo Finance, Google Finance, and my personal favorite, Morningstar."}
{"2161": "\n\nTo supplement previous comments, INSTALLMENT CREDIT carries more weight in establishing good credit. Essentially, installment credit functions as a loan with a fixed repayment amount, like a student or car loan. For instance, banks typically check if an individual has the financial capacity to repay significant debts (such as car loans) before approving them for their first home. However, one should be cautious and only invest in what they can afford without relying on credit. My personal rule is to clear my CC debts once they post to my account. Recently, I became debt-free after settling roughly $15,000 in student loan and CC debts in 18 months, and I'm very content with this achievement."}
{"2162": "\n\nI agree with JohnFx that petroleum has many uses, such as in the production of asphalt, road oil, plastic, jet fuel, and electricity generation. Additionally, some electric cars use gasoline as a backup energy source. While the price of petroleum can affect the economy and market, it does not necessarily dictate the success of electric car companies. Purchasing shares is determined by supply and demand, which is influenced by numerous factors including past and expected company performance, macroeconomic variables, and the economy of the country producing the oil. It is important to conduct thorough research before investing and to question the reliability of information provided by peers. For further research, I recommend checking out this article and exploring the research done by the Fed of Cleveland."}
{"2163": "\n\nRemember that each share represents a vote at shareholders' meetings. When the share price decreases substantially below the percentage of the company's value, the company could be purchased and taken over. This usually establishes a minimum share price based on the company's present value. If the share price is anticipated to rise in the future, it may surpass that minimum value or drop slightly below if negative news is expected. As a result, investments in the stock market are regarded as speculation. If the selling price of a share is too high, people will not purchase it, setting the upper limit for any given time. Since part of this is conjecture, the market is not entirely rational, and prices may decrease even after positive news if the market's anticipation was excessively elevated. In general, companies that avoid collapsing will continue to expand, indicating that the market will generally increase over long periods. However, shorter-term or individual stock predictions have far more variability."}
{"2164": "\n\nMy answer is not comprehensive, as the answer varies based on factors such as the broker's location, the type of order (limit, market, algo, etc.), and the size of the order. For instance, when I place a regular lot limit order with my UK-based broker, they hold it internally until they observe a crossing rate on the exchange where the requested stock is trading. Then, they submit a limit order to that exchange, and I only receive fills from that particular exchange. This happens after my limit price prints, and my fills are typically better than my limit price. Conversely, with my US-based broker, I can see my regular lotsize limit order in the order book (depth of book data) before receiving any fills. I often get notified of a fill prior to seeing the limit price print, and my fills come from a variety of US exchanges (such as NYSE, ARCA, BATS, etc.) for the same stock. Additionally, the \"NBBO\" rule in the US, under SEC regulation NMS, can create more complexity when handling market and limit orders than in many other countries."}
{"2165": "\n\nMargin requirements and margin call policies vary among brokerages. Should you receive a margin call, you will have a limited time to deposit the necessary funds to meet the margin requirements. However, if a stock's value plummets rapidly from $50 to $4, it will likely become unmarginable. Consequently, you will be responsible for the incurred loss."}
{"2166": "\n\nIt's important to acknowledge that owners and founders are primarily motivated by their own interests, regardless of whether they have a questionable reputation or not. As an employee, you are essentially just a resource, so it's unrealistic to expect complete transparency regarding the company's finances. While it's okay to inquire about this information, it's unlikely that you'll receive a genuine response. When it comes to purchasing restricted shares, it might be worth considering, given that startups are risky ventures to begin with. However, it's important to assess your own boundaries for risk-taking and only invest an amount that you're comfortable with. After all, you're already taking a risk by accepting a lower salary in exchange for equity, which may ultimately not pay off in the end."}
{"2167": "\n\nMany stockbrokers in India provide options for trading in US markets through collaborations with brokers in the US. As an Indian citizen, there are certain restrictions on how much foreign currency you can purchase, but this should not be a significant issue for most individuals. It is important to note that any profits earned will be subject to taxation in both the US and India, but relief may be claimed under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA)."}
{"2168": "\n\nIt is important to determine the specific format that MoneyStrands requires for the data. It might not necessarily be a .qif or .ofx file."}
{"2169": "\n\nIn addition to the great answers provided by others, I would like to highlight the original purpose of leveraged funds and provide a potential justification for investing in them. \n\nLet's assume that you manage a mutual fund that is designed to mimic the performance of the S&P 500. As investors buy and sell shares of your fund, it is possible that certain periods will see a mismatch between your fund's portfolio and the S&P 500 due to cash inflows and outflows. For instance, if 98% of your fund's assets are invested in stocks that reflect the S&P 500, the remaining 2% held in a money market account might cause a deviation. \n\nTo better align with the S&P 500, you can invest a portion of the cash balance in a triple-leveraged fund (by taking 1/3 of the cash balance) or a double-leveraged fund (by investing 1/2 of the funds). This approach could help you more accurately track the index that your fund was designed to follow. While I am unsure of the percentage of mutual fund owners who keep cash on hand, this strategy is a specific use case for these ETFs. Over time, however, there may be a compounding effect on leveraged funds that results in beta slippage. You can find more information on this topic in several excellent articles, such as the one at this link."}
{"2170": "\n\nI recently switched to using a finance-tracking app called Moneytree, which does almost everything for me. Before, I struggled to get a clear picture of my spending and saving habits, though I had a general idea. Now, I can easily track my finances and see how much I am saving compared to spending. Though some features of the app, such as projecting my financial situation in a few years, are not essential to me, I find it useful and fun to use. Since I am already saving a significant portion of my income (60-75%), saving more is not a top priority for me. Without this tool, tracking my finances would be a waste of time. However, it is important to consider your individual financial situation when deciding whether or not to use a finance-tracking tool. Note that Moneytree is currently only available in Japan."}
{"2171": "\n\nIn business, it is often said that what gets measured gets done. To ensure your financial success, make sure to track every expense you incur. After a period of learning, review your expenses to see where you can make improvements. For instance, if 5% of your budget is being spent on frivolous expenses, try cutting it in half. However, if only 1% or 0.1% is being spent on these expenses, eliminating them may not make a significant impact. If you spend a considerable amount each month on coffee, such as $200, consider dropping that expense. However, if you only spend $10 a month, you need to focus your efforts elsewhere to achieve substantial savings. Establish a target for your savings and limit your spending accordingly. Analyze your previous month's expenses to see what adjustments need to be made. Identify the areas where you can easily cut costs, but also take into account your unique circumstances. Some expenses, such as bills and essential services, are not easily negotiable. Knowing the cost of each activity will allow you to identify the areas where you can save, as well as where economizing would be worthwhile."}
{"2172": "\n\nYou are not able to do it yourself. It can only be done by your employer. If your employer does not offer this option, consider finding a different employer. The only situation where you can do it yourself is if you are self-employed."}
{"2173": "\n\nI am not fond of REITs because they have a strong correlation to the stock market, which defeats the purpose of diversification in a portfolio. In 2008, when the stock market crashed due to the housing bubble, REITs also plummeted. On the other hand, bonds increased in value, and if one had rebalanced by selling some bonds and buying more stocks, they would have profited greatly when the stock market recovered. The main reason for adding bonds to one's investments for diversification is that they tend to move in the opposite direction of equities, which helps cushion the impact of sharp declines and provides opportunities for buying at lower prices. REITs hardly fit these criteria. Unlike bonds, their value does not undergo a correction because their pricing is based on supply-demand dynamics in real estate, which is only minimally affected by rising interest rates. Although such rates might make it harder for buyers to purchase, other factors such as increased wealth in the economy for homebuyers tend to push real estate prices upward, counterbalancing any adverse effects."}
{"2174": "\n\nRevised: You should have sufficient liquidity to sell your position, unless there is a sudden Flash Crash occurrence. The volume usually goes up on the day of expiration to improve the liquidity. Also, keep in mind that there are several investment strategies; buying to cover a short position is similar to closing out a trade, which is in your case."}
{"2175": "\n\nRevised: If cash donations are not tax-deductible, stock contributions are also not deductible. The rules for donating stock are generally the same as those for donating to a private party."}
{"2176": "\n\nThe duration of a day is quite long and the price rate tends to vary throughout the day. Depending on the sources, the reported close price may either represent an average of the bid and ask, a volume-weighted average, the last transaction price, a time-weighted average, or the average of the highest and lowest prices for the relevant interval. Additionally, prices may also vary slightly across different marketplaces based on the presence of different traders. Generally, the accompanying documentation will outline the specific method employed by each source, thus allowing you to choose the most suitable source for your application based on its methodology."}
{"2177": "\n\nAssuming bonds with a par value of $1,000, if conversion occurs, each bond would convert to 500 shares, with market price being irrelevant. The per-share income would increase due to the $70 interest expense reduction but decrease due to the lost tax deduction and dilution caused by the additional 500 shares. Similarly, the debt would be eliminated and the equity increased, with the per-share equity depending on the average amount paid per share in the current structure, adjusted for changes in retained earnings and treasury shares. If the bond is trading far from $2.00, its value would decrease based on the market price. If it hadn't converted, it would either trade as a pure bond or a pure bond with a premium, depending on the stock price's proximity to the strike price and the remaining conversion privilege time. Generally, it doesn't make sense to convert below the strike price, and conversion far from maturity doesn't make sense either because the option premium vanishes above $2. The primary reason for conversion would be if the after-tax dividend is greater than the after-tax interest payment. There are no apparent reasons to convert below strike, except in unusual tax, inheritance or legal situations (such as a strange divorce)."}
{"2178": "\n\nThe exchange typically monitors and reports the quantity of shares of a U.S. exchange-listed stock that have been shorted on a monthly basis. This information is commonly referred to as the open short interest. Additionally, a short interest ratio may be presented, which divides the short interest by the stock's average daily volume. The short interest can be found on various general stock data websites, including Yahoo Finance (under Key Statistics) and dailyfinance.com (found on a Key Statistics subpage for the specific stock)."}
{"2179": "\n\nIn the screenshot provided, it appears that there is a group willing to buy 3,000 shares at $3.45 and another group willing to sell 2,000 shares at $3.88. If you were to place a market buy order for 10 shares (or any desired number), it would most likely go through at the current lowest selling price of $3.88 per share. As an individual investor, you can typically disregard the volume information listed in the bid/ask quotes."}
{"2180": "\n\nHere are the specific Vanguard index funds and ETFs that I use to replicate Ray Dalio's all-weather portfolio for my taxable investment savings. I invest using Vanguard personal investor and brokerage accounts. Below is a summary of the performance results from 2007 to present. The DBC commodity fund was created in 2007, so my results have been tested only since then. I have tested the broader asset class as well, and the results are similar. However, I suggest that you do this analysis for yourself as well. I use portfoliovisualizer.com to backtest the results of my portfolio along with various asset classes, which has been tremendously useful. I strongly recommend that you ignore local investment advisor recommendations. Nobody will ever care more about your money than you, and their incentives may be misaligned. We chose mutual funds over ETFs for the simplicity of automatic investment, but unfortunately, I have to manually buy the ETF shares each month (DBC and GLD). I am currently 29 years old and not using this approach for retirement savings. My retirement savings are 100% in VSMAX. I plan to adjust this in 20 years or so to be more conservative. However, when I approach retirement age, this is precisely where I want to be. Suppose you had $2.7M in your retirement account on Oct 31, 2007, invested in 100% US Stocks. In Feb of 2009, your balance would have been approximately $1.35M. If you intended to retire in 2009, you probably could not have done so. Had you invested using this approach, your account would have fallen to $2.4M in Feb 2009. Disclaimer: I'm not a financial planner or advisor, nor do I claim to be one. I am a software engineer who has conducted extensive research on this method only for my own benefit. I have no affiliation with any of the tools, organizations, or funds mentioned here, and I cannot profit or gain from them. I do not recommend that anyone use this approach; I am just offering an overview of how I choose to invest my own money. The loss/gain incurred from this is your responsibility, and I cannot be held accountable."}
{"2181": "\n\nRevised: Keith's response requires some correction, as the details regarding entrustment orders should have been referenced in your bank/broker's terms and conditions. An entrustment order functions as a \"soft\" limit order, but it lacks meaning without a validity period (usually ranging between 1 and 5 days). Suppose you opt to purchase silver at an entrustment price of x, exceeding the market offer of m. In such cases, your order will be partially filled at market prices, whereas the remaining amount will have a limit. Your bank/broker may fill your order at various prices over the next few days, ensuring that the total average price stays below x. This contrasts with a limit order, where any remaining amount of your order will remain unfilled if the market moves above x, resulting in partial fulfillment after 1-5 business days. Note that a lower entrustment price with a brief validity period functions as a limit order. Another form of order type to consider is the stop-buy, which triggers a purchase when the market offer exceeds a specific price, while a stop-sell engages a sale when the market bid quote falls below a specific price. This paired with the entrustment principle could lead to buying/selling above/below the quoted price. Keep in mind that in pro-rata markets, partial fulfillment may occur, even with large orders."}
{"2182": "\n\nYour question highlights the fragility of most fractional reserve banks, which are only a few defaults away from insolvency. The source of the problem is the nature of depositors' money. When a customer deposits money into a bank, they are effectively lending that money to the bank and relinquishing ownership. Savings and deposit accounts are typically advertised as \"on-demand,\" implying that the customer can withdraw their funds at any time. However, this arrangement is unique, as it lacks the typical structure of a loan, which includes terms such as payment frequency, loan duration, and total repayment time. This disparity in loan terms between the bank and its depositors creates significant difficulties, as the bank confronts unforeseeable, misaligned cash flow."}
{"2183": "\n\nRevised: There are two options to merge multiple EPF accounts under one Universal Account Number (UAN). \n\nOption 1: Send an email to uanepf@epfindia.gov.in with the details of both UANs. Upon receiving the request, the EPF office will initiate the merging process and consolidate both the accounts under the current UAN.\n\nOption 2: Request a transfer of EPF from an old account linked to a different UAN to the current EPF. You can do this by submitting a transfer request form which your company can assist you with. Alternatively, if you have registered online with EPFO India, you can submit the transfer request online. The system will automatically identify and merge the duplicate UANs upon submission."}
{"2184": "\n\nI am uncertain about the process for entering this income in TurboTax. However, it is important to include the company's income in your Schedule C (or C-EZ), Line 1 Gross Receipts total. This should be accompanied by all of your 1099-MISC income from your business, along with any other business-related income. There is no requirement for a 1099 from the company, and the IRS is indifferent to whether you received one or not. Your tax return should be filled out correctly, even without it. We are unaware of why the company did not distribute 1099 forms, but it is irrelevant to you. Please note: If there were any tax deductions from your paychecks from this company, it is imperative that you request a 1099."}
{"2185": "Ensuring a successful first year for any rental property is crucial, especially when it involves renting out a room or using a platform like AirBnB. It is recommended to seek professional tax advice as IRS rules can be complex. Tax Topic 415 Renting Residential and Vacation Property and IRS pub 527 Residential Rental Property provide information on the IRS rules that apply. Note that there is a special rule for rental periods of fewer than 15 days where rental income should not be reported and no expenses should be deducted. However, if you exceed this threshold, you will need to report the income and address items such as depreciation. This can add to the complexity of your tax situation, so it is best to avoid crossing the threshold. When a property is both a personal residence and a rental property, dividing expenses and determining the rental portion of the property can become complicated. The property value before the split and the rental portion's value at the time of the division must be determined. Depreciation of the rental portion must be followed according to IRS regulations until it is either converted back to non-rental or sold. When the property is sold, the sales price's portion associated with the rental property, as well as any profit or loss and depreciation recapture, will need to be determined. Keep in mind that AirBnB collects tax information and reports it to the IRS, and local laws, including zoning regulations and Home Owners Association rules, should also be researched. Adjustments to insurance policies, such as having tenants and protecting against renter injuries, may also be necessary."}
{"2186": "\n\nInflation can take time to affect all aspects of an economy and be noticeable by consumers. Commonly used items, such as gasoline, wheat, corn, soy, and sugar, are globally traded commodities with prices that can be influenced by inflation in any given country. However, inflation can have some advantages. For example, a $500 monthly mortgage payment was significant 30 years ago but is now considered insignificant due to inflation. It is crucial to be aware that inflation, consumer pricing, and destructive currency devaluation are not interchangeable terms. Runaway inflation, where individuals burn currency for warmth, is a distinctly different issue. Beware of those who fail to distinguish between these concepts."}
{"2187": "\n\nIn a secular bull market, investor sentiment plays a significant role in driving prices higher over time, as participants tend to be net buyers. These markets are typically influenced by large-scale national and global events, such as demographic shifts and governmental policies. Bear markets are a normal occurrence within this longer interval, but they do not reverse the overall trend. Despite the low yields offered by the almost flat term structure of interest rates, there are still many reasons to consider purchasing long bonds. The recent downgrades of U.S. sovereign risk by credit ratings agencies make the T-bond a relatively secure alternative to other options. \n\nIf Germany were not part of the EU, its government bonds would be issued by the Bundesbank and denominated in Deutsche Marks. In this hypothetical scenario, German government bonds would likely be a better choice than the U.S. Treasury's 30-year bond. Long-term maturity U.S. Treasuries continue to be in high demand among investment and portfolio managers due to their various advantages."}
{"2188": "\n\nA bank's balance sheet is a list of assets and liabilities that the bank is directly responsible for, such as loans issued and accounts held by the bank. Banks offer both \"balance sheet\" loans, where they assume the risks and gains from lending, and \"off balance sheet\" loans, where loans are sold off as securities. While major banks such as Chase and Citibank engage in both types of lending, some smaller firms specialize in managing assets for clients without taking full responsibility for the loans. Mischler Financial Group, for example, does not offer accounts but instead manages funds for clients. They do not assume risk positions or hold unwanted securities on their balance sheet, but rather advise on investment choices or assist clients with investing their own money."}
{"2189": "\n\nI will focus on the purchase price only. Generally, you cannot claim the entire purchase price in the year of purchase, but rather a percentage of the car's value each year, called the writing down allowance, which is a capital allowance. This allowance is similar to depreciation, but based on HRMC's formula. However, considering that the value of your car is less than \u00a31000, you can probably claim 95% of the purchase price. The HMRC webpage explains the process in more detail. You must record the value of any assets you are claiming writing down allowance on in one of the pools. The pool attracts the same rate of writing down allowance, and they are similar to accounts in accounting, having an opening and a closing balance. If you use an asset for personal use, it needs a pool to itself, which HRMC calls a single asset pool.\n\nTo start, look at the Business Cars section, and then the Rates for Cars section to determine the rate you can claim. Your car is likely in the special rate category. Special rate is 8% a year, main rate is 18%, and First year allowance is essentially 100%. After the purchase, you add the value of the car to the pool, reduce the value of the pool if you dispose of it in the same year, and claim the writing down allowance accordingly. If the car is worth more than \u00a31000, the process gets more complicated. If you sell or dispose of the car, it affects your profits. If you claim simplified mileage expenses, you cannot claim capital allowances separately.\n\nIn your case, you can claim 95% of the purchase price, and if you sell it, you add 95% of the sale price to your profits in that accounting period. However, if the car's value is above \u00a31000, the process is more complex. If you have queries, refer to the HMRC webpage or seek professional advice."}
{"2190": "\n\nIf this is your first transaction in a short margin account, the rules state that if you shorted 1000 shares of ABC at $5 per share, your credit balance would be $5000 from the short sale. However, you would also need to put up $5000 in cash or $10,000 in marginal securities. Therefore, this isn't an effective way to leverage your investment with margin, as you are required to put in as much as the short generates.\n\nOnce you have made your initial purchase, there are minimum maintenance requirements that must be met. For stocks trading under $5 per share, the minimum maintenance requirement is 100% of the short market value in the margin account or $2.50 per share, whichever is greater. For stocks trading at $5 per share or more, the minimum maintenance requirement is $5 per share or 30% of the short market value, whichever is greater. However, the minimum maintenance requirements can be stricter than this."}
{"2191": "\n\nRevised: \nAccording to this translation, hedge fund managers who rely on traditional stock selection methods are likely to see less success compared to those who utilize artificial intelligence and computer programs. The article suggests that using these technologies is the preferred approach for hedge fund managers, as they tend to yield better results. As the saying goes, \"no man can outperform a machine, but a man with a machine can outperform a machine alone.\" On a lighter note, Nicolas Boileau wrote in 1674 that effective communication requires clear and concise language."}
{"2192": "\n\nIt is true that Visa does not mandate merchants to enter the CVV number for transaction authorization. Only the credit card number and expiration date are required."}
{"2193": "\n\nThe previous responses contain useful information. Regarding your question about purchasing the future contract, the price quoted is not in dollars but instead represents points. Each contract has a unique point value specified by the exchange. The point value serves as a multiplier for the quoted price you are seeing. For instance, the E-Mini S&P futures have a point value of $50, and if the quoted price is 1581.75 points, then the value of the contract is $79,087.50. To purchase this contract outright without leverage, you would need $79,087 in your account. However, since futures are traded on margin, only a deposit amount is required at the time of purchase, as previously explained by CQM."}
{"2194": "\n\nIt's your decision, but if I were in your position, I would think twice before tampering with my retirement funds. Once you retire, your earning potential generally decreases significantly, making it risky to gamble with your savings. Do you want to take the chance of having to work as a Wal-Mart greeter when you are in your eighties? Additionally, while you are currently earning income at or near your peak earning potential, the opportunity cost of each hour of your life is higher now than it will be later on. Ultimately, you would end up working harder now, or potentially much harder later on, for less compensation."}
{"2195": "\n\nI believe that the mentioned options could be your optimal choice considering the potential 700% return within a year if your prediction is correct. You may check if there are any Synthetic Zeros available for the stock, which is a derivative that pays a fixed amount if the underlying security price reaches a particular threshold. However, the likelihood of discovering such an option with a 700% return is minimal. Additionally, it would be beneficial to consult with experts in the quant stack exchange forum to explore more suitable investment alternatives."}
{"2196": "\n\nMarket-capitalization weighted indexes or cap-weighted indexes weigh their securities based on market value, which is determined by capitalization. This is calculated by multiplying the current security price by outstanding shares. The majority of equity indexes, including the S&P 500 and FTSE 100, are cap-weighted. Larger securities have a greater impact on the index's overall trajectory than smaller ones. For investment funds, such as ETFs or open-end funds, managing cash flows and tracking index updates, such as quarterly rebalancing or mergers, acquisitions or spin-offs, is important.\n\nIn some cases, an ETF may require work to determine the underlying securities when handling Creation and Redemption units. These funds generally have shares created in 50,000 shares at a time through Authorized Participants. On the other hand, an open-end fund requires daily management of share creation and redemption. \n\nA report on 'How to Beat the Benchmark' suggests that DFA's 9-10 Portfolio, which captures the return behavior of U.S. small company stocks, and Vanguard Extended Index Fund (Wilshire 4500) and Vanguard Index Trust 500, all showed above-average performance. DFA employs a \"patient buyer\" discount block trading strategy, which resulted in negative total trading costs, even in the poor liquidity of small company stocks. Essentially, they chose to buy and sell stocks at prices more favorable than market prices by waiting for a motivated seller to unload a large block, giving their fund the luxury of picking and choosing stocks at better prices. The returns are highest for the DFA 9-10 Fund, less in the Vanguard Small Cap Fund, less still in the Vanguard Index Extended Fund, and minimal with the S&P500. The conclusion drawn is that the biggest joke in the finance industry is value-added active management. Instead, to beat indexes, one should invest in an index fund."}
{"2197": "\n\nThe variance of a single asset is calculated as follows: \u03c32 = \u03a3i(Xi - \u03bc)2. Here, Xi represents all possible final market values of the asset, and \u03bc represents the mean of such market values. In the case of a portfolio, the variance is defined as \u03c3p2 = \u03a3iwi2\u03c3i2. The subscript p denotes the portfolio's variance, and wi represents the weight of the ith asset. \n\nIf borrowing is included in the portfolio, it is classified as technically shorting at the borrowing rate. This weight is negative and increases all other weights. Assuming fixed borrowing rates, the variance of this weight is likely to be zero. As a result, the weights of risky assets rise, and the portfolio's variance increases. For further information, refer to the Capital Market Line (CML) on Wikipedia."}
{"2198": "\n\nRevised: The market may not deem it necessary to account for fees on ETF funds which are typically less than 1/10th of a percent. The effect of any potential loss in return is compensated by the benefits of diversification. Trading fees, on the other hand, are simply regarded as a cost of conducting business and do not require market adjustment. Nonetheless, customers may naturally gravitate towards brokers or platforms that provide better fee structures."}
{"2199": "\n\nTo accurately assess ROI and volatility, a representative period of 3 to 5 years should be taken into consideration, depending on available data. Calculating ROI is straightforward. In terms of annualised volatility over a 5-year period, ESMA SRRI methodology in Box 1 (page 3) can be referred to, with 'm' representing the annualisation factor. It is important to note that stock volatility calculated from weekly data should not be compared to that calculated from monthly data. For further guidance, refer to \"How to Calculate Your Portfolio's Rate of Return.\""}
{"2200": "\n\nWhile I'm unaware of any free APIs for this data, I can offer some information. Compiling and exposing data from the EDGAR system can be quite an undertaking, requiring significant resources and upkeep, which is why it's often market data companies who provide these interfaces. Nonetheless, I know of a few options that might suit your needs. For instance, the SEC provides FTP access to EDGAR where you can download and parse text files. Alternatively, Yahoo Finance offers summary files with links to full statements in the EDGAR system, although parsing may also be required. Additionally, Xignite provides a financial statement API if you're interested in a commercial application, but you'd need to contact them to arrange something suitable. However, if you plan on using this data for commercial purposes, you may want to consider paying for it. Alternatively, the Center for Research into Security Prices provides financial data, which several of their APIs expose. As one of the leading financial data sources, CRSP is highly-regarded, although I've yet to try their API for fetching financial data. A response on StackOverflow recommends the quantmod R package and mergent, but I can't attest to them personally. Keep in mind that unless you're prepared to pay for compiled, machine-readable data from a provider, you'll likely need to parse and compile the data yourself."}
{"2201": "\n\nThe account you are inquiring about is referred to as a \"Positive Pay\" account. Typically, this account is exclusive to business accounts where the client submits a list of check numbers and their corresponding amounts which are then cross-referenced for clearance. Due to the additional work involved, this account usually incurs a substantial monthly fee."}
{"2202": "\n\nMost brokers do not offer a free ride. You may incur a margin fee for a trade, even if you held the margin shares for a brief period. However, the margin fee is calculated based on the annual interest rate and adjusted to a one-day holding period, resulting in a smaller cost. It is advisable to review your broker's policies, as most operate under this framework."}
{"2203": "\n\n\"Here are a few things:\""}
{"2204": "\n\nTo complete the W8-BEN form, kindly consult the directions provided in the document titled \"Instructions for Form W-8BEN: Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting.\""}
{"2205": "\n\nAs you've tagged with S-Corp, I assume that you have that tax status. In this scenario, you won't receive taxes on distributions, regardless of how you label them. Instead, your taxable income includes the portion of the net earnings that the Schedule K attributes to you, which the S-Corp should distribute to you when it files its tax return. This taxable income applies whether you receive the distribution or not. In case you are also a worker in the small business, you must pay yourself a reasonable wage. The distribution amount can play a role in determining the level of reasonableness, which is an important factor to contemplate. Though, it doesn't seem to be what you asked, but for your consideration."}
{"2206": "\n\nA condensed version of the text would be: Investing the cost of a house can be a safe, leveraged investment if the return on the investment is higher than the mortgage cost. Although there is risk involved, taking a mortgage allows for greater flexibility and avoids becoming \"house-rich but cash-poor\". However, if geographic flexibility is needed in the near future, buying a house may not be advisable. It is possible to borrow some and pay the rest in cash, or choose a shorter mortgage term to balance risk and return. One can also decide to have the house paid off around retirement age."}
{"2207": "\n\nI cannot confirm if Wikivest supports options, however, I am content with its performance as a portfolio visualization tool. It has an automated integration feature with various brokerage accounts and provides a comprehensive breakdown analysis of the portfolio and individual investments."}
{"2208": "\n\nNo, it is not deductible. While some investment expenses may be deductible, they typically fall under \"miscellaneous itemized expenses\" and must exceed 2% of your adjusted gross income. However, IRS Pub 550 clarifies that transportation and other expenses incurred to attend stockholders' meetings of companies in which you only hold stock are not deductible. This rule applies even if your intent is to obtain information for future investments."}
{"2209": "\n\nHow can I accurately manage multiple currencies without currency transfers or fluctuations impacting my net gains or losses? The best practice is to use a spreadsheet that can accommodate various currencies. For instance, record any gain in the currency it was earned, and any expenditure in the currency it was spent. For reporting purposes, you can create an additional column for a neutral currency such as GBP. If you transfer money from an account in one currency to another, adjust the balances accordingly based on the actual conversion rate. If you require this record keeping for tax purposes, consulting with an accountant for proper advice is recommended."}
{"2210": "\n\nWhile $600 a month may seem expensive, it may be the most affordable option for you. When I relocated from the UK to Canada, my initial insurance quote was $3000 annually which was twenty years back when I was over 27 years old. The insurance rates significantly decrease after obtaining a local driving license for a few years. Here are some helpful tips to reduce your insurance premiums:"}
{"2211": "\n\nUnder the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the board members hold specific responsibilities. In the absence of a CEO and a CFO, the quarterly financial reports cannot be approved. This requirement is similar in many countries, highlighting the importance of having competent board members."}
{"2212": "\n\nHeadwinds in an economic situation refer to events or conditions, such as a credit crisis, rising costs, and natural disasters, that impede the growth of an economy. Thus, headwinds are generally viewed as having negative impacts. On the other hand, tailwinds represent conditions that help boost economic growth, and are considered to have positive effects."}
{"2213": "\n\nHas the transaction resulted in a capital gain or loss? Yes. Is it treated as if you sold the stock at the buy-out price? Yes. Will you still receive a 1099-B from your broker? Yes."}
{"2214": "\n\nMassachusetts does not impose the tax on all income. The 5.25% tax is only applicable to gains that have been realized. The term \"unearned\" refers to income that is not connected to your trade or business and is not earned through personal efforts or performance."}
{"2215": "\n\nFirstly, it is important to note that the nature of currency contracts, which involve being long in one currency and short in another, makes leverage less of a problem for a diverse range of clients. In contrast, margin investors in equities are typically long in \"equities\", creating a higher likelihood of large margin calls occurring simultaneously. Additionally, it is worth noting that high-frequency traders, who are often highly leveraged, may comprise a significant proportion of volume in liquid markets such as equity markets (~70% in this instance). However, this raises questions around the artificiality of this volume figure and its true meaning.\n\nIn contrast, the primary holders of long-term positions in the FX markets are non-investment arm banks, central banks, and corporations. Unlike the equity markets, currency markets need to maintain trading activity for many corporations and banks to conduct their business. This depth of liquidity enables brokers in this market to offer leverage ratios as high as 400-to-1, though it is not necessarily advantageous for customers.\n\nIn summary, the two-sided nature of currency contracts and the diversity of clients make leverage less problematic compared to the equity markets, where margin investors are predominantly long. Additionally, while high-frequency traders may contribute considerably to the volume in liquid markets like equities, the forex market trades significantly deeper, with a broader range of players involved."}
{"2216": "\n\nRevised: Technical tools must rely on inexact data because the exact holdings of a general mutual fund are unknown on a day-to-day basis. The NAV of the mutual fund shares is dependent on various shares within it, which requires merging the results of analyses that are done individually for single stocks. This results in some guesswork. Despite this, individuals claim to conduct such analyses and offer the outcomes in the form of a monthly or weekly newsletter sold for entire fund families like Vanguard, either through mail or electronically. While some subscribers swear by these newsletters, others do not renew their subscriptions. It varies from person to person."}
{"2217": "\n\nI propose that the terms \"investing\" and \"speculating\" describe distinct activities. Investing refers to the act of using one's money to purchase something of value, such as equipment, shares, antiques, or land. Speculating, on the other hand, involves attempting to predict the future value of a good. Although it is possible to invest without speculation, as in the case of CDs that do not require predicting, and to speculate without investing, as in virtual investments, these activities often overlap. \n\nThe investments described in the original text are speculative because they are done with some prediction about future value in mind. The degree of speculation varies depending on the nature of the predictions. Some people consider the \"most speculative\" investments to be those with unpredictable or chaotic elements. There may be additional factors to consider as well. Please provide feedback if necessary. \n\nLastly, it is possible that High Frequency Trading is not speculative because those with the fastest computers and proximity to Wall Street can consistently earn small returns due to the nature of the process. However, I am not familiar enough with the mechanics of high-frequency trading to make a definitive statement."}
{"2218": "\n\nDollar-cost averaging can help you manage risk when stock prices fall, as long as you invest a fixed amount of $X on a fixed schedule (e.g. every Y days). This approach allows you to take advantage of lower prices by purchasing more shares each period, and it also helps to protect against sudden price increases. For instance, if you plan to invest $300 in a company over three periods, your average cost per share will decrease as prices drop. However, it's important to recognize that it's impossible to pinpoint the exact bottom of the market, and attempting to do so by investing a lump sum all at once can lead to greater risk."}
{"2219": "\n\nRevised: The phrase \"fee-only\" denotes that the financial advisor earns money solely from the fee charged to your parents without any commissions from the sale of financial products. While I appreciate your intention to assist your family in avoiding further losses, I advise you to refrain from taking any action. You are correct that having most of one's retirement funds in one stock or sector is imprudent, and it is crucial to incorporate some bonds, especially if they are retired. Nevertheless, if your suggestion fails, it may severely strain your relationship with your parents. Even if you continue to love each other as a family, they will associate you with the reason for their loss, creating an emotional barrier between you. This is especially concerning if a substantial amount of money, such as retirement funds, is involved. You should recognize the risk you're taking with your relationships. In the best-case scenario, it will create an awkward situation, and you may feel guilty about their insufficient retirement funds. In the worst-case scenario, it may harm your relationship with your parents beyond repair. \n\nIn case you succeed, your parents may celebrate and appreciate you for rescuing them from their poor investment choices. However, this is unlikely to last for long, and things will soon normalize. In the long term, you can't win because they will rely on you again and again for investment advice, and at some point, things might not work out as expected, leading to a loss for your parents. \n\nTo be honest, I do not think you have enough knowledge or experience to make investment decisions for your parents. I presume you are either a college student or a recent graduate who has yet to make investment decisions with their own funds. Hence, my suggestion is that you advise your parents to seek guidance from a fee-only financial advisor who can provide an unbiased view and create a retirement plan tailored to their specific needs. \n\nLastly, it appears that you are enthusiastic about investing and building wealth through stocks and bonds. In that regard, I encourage you to explore your interests by pooling some money together and opening your own investment account to make trades. The stock market can be an exciting and lucrative venture if you are willing to put in the effort to learn and understand how it works. Here are a few ideas to explore based on your post. Remember, these are only for your benefit and not suitable for your parents! \n\nGood luck."}
{"2220": "\n\nIt is highly uncommon to require a consultant to assist you in opening a bank account. Additionally, there is a risk that the consultant may fraudulently take the money or request additional payments for expenses such as permits, licenses, or identity checks. Instead, there are safer and more reputable approaches to opening a bank account. The first option is to call a well-known bank and request instructions for opening a personal account. It is important to ensure that the bank is genuine by verifying permanent locations, presence in a local phone book, and shares traded on a national stock exchange. It is also crucial to call the bank directly and avoid using any contact details provided by a third-party consultant. It is best to discuss the requirements over the phone and determine whether it is feasible to open an account via mail or in person. Another approach is to establish a company or branch office in the foreign country and appoint a professional, such as a lawyer or accountant, to represent the company and open a bank account in person. For US citizens, it is vital to seek advice from their CPA, accountant, or tax lawyer regarding the TD F 90-22.1 Foreign Account Bank Report form and the FATCA Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Failure to comply with these regulations may result in hefty fines. Note that some countries may have stringent requirements for opening bank accounts, and foreigners without a local address may face difficulties in doing so."}
{"2221": "\n\nThe NRE account is superior because it is exempt from income tax and is a tax-free account. Furthermore, the NRE account allows for unrestricted repatriation of both principal and interest earned. Conversely, the NRO account has limited repatriability."}
{"2222": "\n\nRevised: Let me clarify a few important points regarding your credit score and getting an FHA loan. First, lenders prefer a score above 580 because that is the minimum requirement for an FHA loan where you only need a 3.5% down payment. However, if your score is between 500-579, you can still receive a loan but would need to put down 10%. It's important to note that this doesn't mean you won't qualify for a loan altogether, but you wouldn't qualify for the maximum financing offered through FHA. \n\nThat being said, it's crucial to research if an FHA loan is the right choice for you. Keep in mind that you will have to pay for mortgage insurance if you choose this route, which can add up over time. Additionally, putting 20% down can be beneficial in avoiding PMI altogether. \n\nRegarding your credit score, adding accounts back as revolving accounts may have a negative or negligible effect on it. It's unclear which way the score will sway or how significant the impact will be. It might be worth disputing any items on your credit report that seem inaccurate, regardless of whether you plan to pursue an FHA loan. \n\nLastly, it's wise to shop around for mortgage lenders and look for ones that are considered \"portfolio lenders.\" These types of lenders typically have more flexibility in terms of who they can lend to and the type of loans they offer."}
{"2223": "\n\nHave you recognized that the instances you provided are for stock splits instead of dividends? That is why the payable date comes before the ex-date for the split. The split payments take place on June 30th, and the stock's first trading day with the new split is on the following trading day, which is the ex-date on July 1st."}
{"2224": "\n\nIn the comments section of the question, I will credit @Quid. Although you invested $10k and earned a return of $20k, the valuation of the asset between purchase and sale is insignificant since the cash gain is $10k. From an accounting standpoint, the company bears the loss as they sold the asset for $40k under par. As the buyer, you only observe the initial purchase and sale of the capital asset. For instance, a firm acquires a vehicle for $20,000, depreciates it to a book value of $2,000, and then sells it for $3,000 to a consumer. Does the buyer suffer a $1,000 loss? No. Does the firm gain $1,000? Yes. Your analogy of a bank is flawed in two ways:"}
{"2225": "\n\nMake the most of the free trades while they are available, as this is no longer a hindrance to your potential profits. It is worth noting that companies like RobinHood have previously attracted customers with low-to-zero fee trades before completely changing their business model or shutting down altogether. While all brokers could theoretically charge lower fees, they are charged by the exchanges and will inevitably pass these costs on to customers or risk going bankrupt."}
{"2226": "\n\nFirst, let's clarify some terminology: I believe you're proposing to sell 10,000 shares of a company's stock, not \"10,000 stocks.\" When selling, you must decide whether you're willing to sell for a specific minimum price or at any price. If you set a minimum asking price, and no one is willing to pay it, your shares won't sell.  This approach may result in selling only a few shares, or none at all if your asking price is deemed unreasonable. Alternatively, if you choose to sell regardless of the price, flooding the market with your shares may cause the price per share to decrease until a buyer is willing to buy. The lower limit of your asking price depends on how people value the stock at that time. Managing these complexities is not something I am interested in, which is why I prefer to invest in index funds."}
{"2227": "\n\nRevised: In simpler terms, the term \"memoryless\" in finance means that past price changes have no impact on future price changes. This can be compared to flipping a coin - each time the coin is flipped, the outcome is independent of any previous flips. Just because the coin landed on heads the first time does not guarantee it will land on tails the next time. However, it should be noted that the assumption of \"memoryless\" in finance is strictly for academic purposes and not applicable to real-life stock markets."}
{"2228": "\n\nObtaining bond information can be challenging. If possible, try gaining access to a Bloomberg terminal. You may be able to utilize a broker for assistance, or inquire if a local university's business school has access to one. Knowing someone who works for a bank, financial institution or news outlet may also prove useful. Institutional investors dominate bond markets, meaning a $100 million bond issuance is typically owned and held to maturity by only 10-20 investors such as banks, insurance companies, and mutual funds. Consequently, bonds may only trade a few times per month or year. In contrast, equity offerings may have hundreds or thousands of owners who trade daily, particularly if they are included in an active stock index. While limited, Fidelity's website may offer some bond data to account holders. Best of luck in your search."}
{"2229": "\n\nPossible revised text:\n\nThere are two main methods for reaching out to potential targets: using an autodialer to send SMS or make direct calls to lists of phone numbers. Autodialers can be operated on a personal computer through VoIP or other third-party services. To obtain phone numbers, some may purchase lists from reputable sources that follow opt-out regulations, while others may randomly dial numbers within a certain range, regardless of their accuracy.\n\nIn more sophisticated operations, autodialer returns are handled by human operators in a call center that follows up on interested parties. In less formal operations, returns are used to build a screened list of valid phone numbers that can be sold to other agencies for profit. From a SMS perspective, anyone can subscribe to a vendor-level SMS Gateway that allows receiving and responding to SMS messages. Success in this approach relies on a \"law of large numbers\" strategy, where reaching out to thousands of potential targets may yield a small number of receptive replies.\n\nUnfortunately, scams and unwanted spam messages can exploit the gullibility of a few targets to the detriment of the rest of us. A quick search for \"software auto sms\" reveals numerous options for those who want to use autodialers for their operations, but we won't provide links here to discourage such behavior."}
{"2230": "Over the years, I've had experience with various forms of side work, such as computer consulting and writing. I even started a video game company briefly. While I have never been audited, which may suggest that my tax forms were plausible to the IRS and therefore generally correct, it also indicates that the IRS has never verified the accuracy of my tax forms. With that said, here are some key points: \n\n1. Creating a Limited Liability Company (LLC) isn't necessary to claim business expenses. Regardless of whether you have expenses or not, you'll have to fill out a schedule C. You'll find spaces for expenses in various categories on this form. It's crucial to note that if you have any property that is used for both personal and business use, you'll need to calculate business use percentage to claim deductions. Keeping a log is necessary to justify the percentage. The IRS looks at claims of business use of cars and computers with suspicion due to their capacity for personal usage. Claiming office use of your home is legal, provided that you exclusively use one or more rooms for business purposes.\n\n2. Acquiring a financial advisor might be a wise decision. The compensation for the advisor comes from the investment company if you have enough assets in your account. Otherwise, an hourly fee might apply.\n\n3. You've got to pay taxes on business income. If you haven't established an LLC or a corporation, your business income will be added to your wage income when calculating tax. You're required to pay quarterly estimated taxes if the withholding on your paycheck doesn't cover taxes entirely. You'll be penalized if you skip paying estimated taxes. Don't forget that you're liable for state income tax and self-employment tax.\n\n4. Once tax and business expenses are taken care of, you can do whatever you want with the rest of your income. Nonetheless, if you ever need some inspiration on how to spend it, feel free to make a contribution to my kids' college funds!"}
{"2231": "\n\nSecurities brokers/dealers in the United States are licensed to broker debt and equity in corporations, along with additional licenses to broker derivatives in commodities. However, the trading or brokering of $20 American Eagle coins, physical currency, or precious metals does not require a specific license, except possibly for a sales tax registration. The only situation where a securities license would be necessary is if a legal entity holds the coins, and you deal or broker an interest in that entity. For example, dealing in SPDR Gold Shares or a similar structure that hold physical assets or the right to purchase those assets through a commodity pool would require a securities or commodities dealing license."}
{"2232": "\n\nWhen selling through providers such as Craig's List or newspapers, the provider's rules and the law may limit your choices. However, payment choices are usually not limited or enforced. It should be noted that private business providers have the right to limit payment choices if they wish, and you are not obligated to use their services. These providers may state their terms for service and may refuse service before any payment is made. It's important to state your terms in your post so prospective buyers are aware of them. To make them easily noticeable, it's recommended to put payment and delivery terms on separate lines. For example: \"Nice Victorian handbasket with gold embroidery, used once. Signed by the original author and comes with a certificate of authenticity. Cash payments only, no delivery available.\""}
{"2233": "\n\nTo the best of my knowledge, the US Postal Service suggests sending only cash or cash-equivalent items through Registered Mail. Although this service is costly and cumbersome, it provides a complete record of everyone who handles the mail. Moreover, if you conduct a business that receives a lot of cash payments via the mail, it may raise suspicion with tax authorities. This is not a common practice."}
{"2234": "\n\nTypically, the FED purchases US treasuries from banks like Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan, injecting new money into the system which increases the money supply. During the financial crisis, the FED printed over $1 trillion and bought various securities, including Mortgage Backed Securities and Credit Default Swaps, often purchasing them at face value rather than market value. This allowed banks to offload risky investments and maintain liquidity. In November 2010, the FED announced its plan to print an additional $600 billion and purchase all of the US government's debt for the next eight months. This move, referred to as \"monetizing\" the federal debt, was likely due to a lack of willing buyers for US debt, including China and the Social Security Trust Fund, which is experiencing a deficit."}
{"2235": "\n\nThe Margin Account is responsible for holding funds that are necessary for any margin trades. Any funds exceeding the requirements for margin trades are held in the SMA account. These funds can be utilized for additional margin trades in new securities, but they cannot be applied to meet any shortfall from margin calls on existing trades. In such cases, new funds must be secured. For more information, please visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_memorandum_account."}
{"2236": "\n\nIn certain circumstances, it may be necessary to cover a position, especially in situations where Reg SHO (Regulation SHO) is activated. Reg SHO is implemented to ensure that naked short sellers cover their positions in order to prevent abusive failure to deliver instances, where a person shorts a stock without borrowing shares. It is worth noting that naked short selling is not a violation of federal securities laws, but it can create an accounting problem if multiple parties claim ownership of the same underlying assets. In some cases, individuals may be unaware that they are in a naked short position, and consequently they may be required to cover their position. When other individuals are forced to cover, it can lead to a potential short squeeze, which is a risk. Additionally, there are costs associated with covering a short position, such as interest on borrowings and payment of dividends, where applicable. While these costs may be negligible in shorter timeframes, they can significantly impact returns over a longer period. It is also important to consider the costs of the market moving against the short position, as well as transaction fees."}
{"2237": "\n\nI have frequently sold options without issue through my broker, TD Ameritrade. They were proactive in sending me reminders via email and even left me a voicemail the week prior to expiry, notifying me of my in-the-money options. I understood that they would automatically exercise options that were at least $.01 in the money, but one email had vague wording that suggested they may liquidate other positions to raise money for the exercise. Although I did not plan to exercise my options, I did not contact my broker to clarify the statement. It is advisable to avoid situations where a broker needs to act on your account. Additionally, while it is possible to sell options in most scenarios, illiquid options may have large spreads between bid and ask prices, resulting in a significant loss. Therefore, I often adjust my limit price near expiry day to ensure a profitable sale. If faced with a similar situation, it is wise to communicate with your broker to request they sell the options rather than exercise them at the expense of other positions."}
{"2238": "\n\nLike most strategies, there are advantages and disadvantages to using LEAPS. Here are some of the pros and cons to consider. To learn more about this topic in detail, check out my blog at http://www.thebluecollarinvestor.com/leaps-and-covered-call-writing-2/."}
{"2239": "\n\nAfter reading this, I realized I was tempted to go into the debt collection business by randomly sending letters to people demanding money. However, I was only joking about that. If you are receiving such letters at a Virginia PO Box, you can simply close it without leaving a forwarding address, and consider the issue closed. On the other hand, if they are targeting you personally in New Hampshire, I suggest that you be proactive and sue before it goes to collection. New Hampshire has strict anti-debt-collection laws, and you can do this by going to small claims court and filling out a one-page form without hiring a lawyer. You can sue them for convenient amounts like $2000 or $3000. You can claim that they violated the creditor of NH FDCA laws, and that they are extorting money from you illegally. You do not necessarily need to prove the validity of your claims to get them to court. If they fail to show up, you win, and they will owe you the amount you sued them for. If they do show up and hire a lawyer, you can accept the court's offer for arbitration and drop the lawsuit if they send you a check for $500 and a written guarantee that you will never hear from the client again.\n\nOne important note is that if you only receive calls from debt collectors who refuse to identify themselves, this may be an illegal scam. In New Hampshire, it is illegal for collection calls to refuse to identify who is calling. You can file a police report and call your phone company to trace the call and identify the caller. If they are calling from within the jurisdiction, you can file a criminal complaint against them."}
{"2240": "\n\nI believe mbhunter has provided an insightful answer to your question. To complement it, I strongly recommend considering an independent policy instead of relying solely on your employer's sponsored policy which is subject to federal regulation through ERISA. Independent policies are regulated at the state level, offering better protection options. Additionally, it is advisable to choose a policy that allows for increased coverage without requiring a medical evaluation to avoid overbuying insurance upfront."}
{"2241": "\n\nStores prefer customers to use cash, as it encourages them to use it in the future. Personally, I feel a little uneasy using my bank card at the store since I know that approximately 2-3% of the sale goes to the bank. Unless I dislike the store, I tend to use cash when possible. While it's likely that large stores don't pay extra for handling cash, it's crucial for them to have it available. Is it common in other countries not to mind paying a percentage of each transaction to the bank? This can be costly for retailers. Additionally, tipping may not be popular in some countries, which could show a lack of respect towards vendors. Finally, offering cash as a payment option is considered a value-added service, which increases the likelihood of customers returning to the store."}
{"2242": "\n\nRevised: It is important to note the HMRC rule, which states that a person becomes entitled to payment of earnings on a specific date. This may not necessarily align with the date an employee acquires the right to be paid. For example, an employee may be entitled to a bonus for the year ending 31 December 2004, payable on 30 June 2005 only if they are still employed on the specified date. In this case, the payment becomes due on 31 December 2004, but the employee will only receive it on 30 June 2005. As an employee, you do not need to worry about PAYE as it is your employer's responsibility to process it for you. If you are unsure about any aspects of your payment or tax, seek clarification from your firm's finance department. It is essential to comply with HMRC's regulations as failure to do so can cause significant issues."}
{"2243": "\n\nMD-Tech's response clarifies that derivatives are enforced in the same way as any other contract. If the counterparty fails to pay, intermediaries such as prime brokers can bill them or a broker can net off any outstanding payments against it, using deposited cash or posted margins. If there is no broker or the counterparty still refuses to pay, parties involved may sue for breach of contract, leading to legal consequences such as seizure of assets, enforced bankruptcy, and imprisonment. MD-Tech reiterates that even governments who refuse to pay derivatives losses (like Argentina did in the early 20th century) may suffer the consequences such as a fall in credit ratings, loss of reputation, and bankruptcy. Finally, MD-Tech explains that netting off is a process where all parties' cash flows are used to pay each other off, resulting in reflecting only net changes in account balances."}
{"2244": "\n\nI agree that inflation has an impact on the value of the dollar and anything that is measured in it. Therefore, it causes debt to diminish at the same rate it erodes dollar-denominated assets. Additionally, considering the tax implications of debt and assets is essential. For instance, my 3.5% mortgage has an after-tax cost of 2.625%. On the other hand, a 4% long-term capital gain in stocks results in a net of 3.4% after a tax of 0.6%."}
{"2245": "\n\nThere are various federal tax deductions and credits that can be utilized for education expenses. A detailed description of each is provided in IRS Pub 970. It is important to note that some of these deductions and credits require enrollment in a degree program, which may not apply to you. Also, unfortunately, none of these programs offer a simple and generous option of deducting the entire tuition fees without any limits. Moreover, one must be cautious while using multiple credits or deductions in a given tax year. Nevertheless, Chapter 12, \"Business Deduction for Work-Related Education,\" is worth paying special attention to. This program enables you to deduct transportation expenses, which is not provided by other programs. However, there are specific restrictions to consider. For instance, education that is part of a program to qualify for a new profession is not considered qualifying work-related education. Therefore, if you are not currently working in the IT field, you may not be eligible for this deduction."}
{"2246": "\n\nRather than relying on the actual index, substitute it with a mutual fund as a suitable stand-in. Mutual funds factor in dividend income and typically offer details on the value of a \"hypothetical $10,000 investment\" throughout the fund's life. By standardizing these dollar values, you can obtain the desired outcome. However, this data may not provide conclusive results due to numerous factors that contribute to overall trends. Variables such as news updates, earnings reporting cycles, business cycles, geopolitical activity, and more can impact different economic sectors differently."}
{"2247": "\n\nInvestopedia offers a clear explanation of shorting, which refers to borrowing a bond and selling it with the aim of replacing it along with dividends or coupons in the future. The goal is to capitalize on an overvalued bond by purchasing it at a lower price later and pocketing the difference. Shorting comes with rules, including margin requirements, to mitigate the risk of a margin call resulting from a security's unexpected price increase. If a bond sells at $960 currently and can be repurchased later for $952.38, the difference can be gained. It's worth considering how other bonds are performing price-wise over time. Additionally, brokers may lend securities and earn interest on loaned assets."}
{"2248": "\n\nBased on my personal experience, I have noticed that Sparkasse or VR Bank ATMs frequently require you to retrieve your money by reaching into the machine rather than having it dispensed automatically. This distinct feature has left a lasting impression on me, as I always feel cautious of the possibility of getting my hand injured while withdrawing money."}
{"2249": "\n\nInsurance companies are required to consistently follow a state-approved underwriting model, so it is not possible to demand a particular credit score. However, having a poor credit score may limit your access to credit and increase the likelihood that you will file small claims, which ultimately hurts the company's bottom line. For instance, if you only have $750 in damages and a $500 deductible, it may not be worth filing a claim to receive just $250, especially if you have access to cash or credit for repairs. \n\nIf you fear that canceling your credit card accounts will negatively impact your credit, the answer is simple: don't close them. Unless you need to sever ties with a co-owner or want to avoid paying an annual fee, there is no benefit in closing a revolving credit account. In fact, if you struggle to keep spending under control, it might be best to shred the card. If the account remains inactive for a while, the credit card provider may eventually cancel it with minimal impact on your credit. However, if you carry significant balances on other cards, your credit utilization ratio will increase, which could have negative consequences."}
{"2250": "\n\nIn the United States, stocks are typically listed on one exchange but can be traded on multiple venues. It is important to confirm what the data is indicating, specifically whether it is showing trades on the primary-listed exchange, or trades made at any venue. It is also important to consider trade condition codes, as only certain codes contribute to the day's open/high/low/close values, while others only contribute to volume data. The Consolidated Tape Association provides clear guidelines on which trades should be included in each value, though some vendors may have their own interpretation or make errors in interpreting specifications. Surprisingly, the majority of trading volume for many stocks occurs outside their primary-listed exchange. For example, on March 2nd, 2015, NASDAQ:AAPL traded a total volume of 48,096,663 shares across all venues, while trading on NASDAQ itself accounted for only 12,050,277 shares. It is also important to note that trades can be cancelled, which some data vendors may not reflect in their data. Furthermore, some vendors may \"snapshot\" their feed at a specific time, causing data discrepancies if subsequent data is missed. Finally, some vendors may round prices/volumes, which may result in comparing two different sets of trades with their own specific inclusion rules against the same stock. Therefore, it is crucial to confirm with data sources how they conduct their operations. It is important to note that Premium Data is an end-of-day daily data vendor."}
{"2251": "\n\nSeveral factors come into play here, including the type of overdraft protection offered by your bank. If the card is used with insufficient funds, the bank may charge the transaction to an assigned overdraft account, typically a savings account or decline the transaction, sparing you from overdraft fees. However, if you know the transaction went through and there were inadequate funds in your account, you have options. If your bank automatically charges insufficient fund fees to a separate account, then you need not worry. If not, most banks offer a grace period until the end of the day to clear your account by paying the overdraft amount and bringing your balance to at least zero. If the charge has already incurred overdraft fees, some banks such as Chase Bank may offer a one-time annual overdraft forgiveness if you clear the negative balance. Please contact the bank's customer service for more information as policies may differ."}
{"2252": "\n\nTo correct the error, all you need to do is file an amended return. Mistakes like these are common, and any reputable tax professional can handle the standard procedure. If you and the tax professional need to discuss who made the mistake and who bears the cost of the additional service, you can work together to reach an agreement."}
{"2253": "\n\nYour inquiry is concerning to me, as your reported rent of $2100 does not include ongoing expenses such as maintenance, repairs, and potential vacancies. Assuming the property is never vacant, which is unlikely given a typical 10% vacancy rate, and factoring in potential maintenance costs and missed rent during vacancies, your net revenue could be significantly less than $500 per month. I recommend placing this $500 per month into a separate account for one year to see if there is any remaining profit after accounting for ongoing expenses.\n\nI agree with Anthony that there is no substitute for personal research and experience when it comes to real estate investing. Other members with varying backgrounds and experiences can contribute to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of the topic. It is worth noting that different markets have varying rules of thumb when it comes to determining profitability. Some suggest that rent should be 2% of the property's value, while others suggest that 50% of rent should be set aside for expenses. As the house ages, expenses may increase, which should be taken into account when determining long-term profitability."}
{"2254": "\n\nI am disappointed with this site's virtual play feature, particularly the options league. Once you execute a trade, it is difficult to determine the specifics, as the Exp and Type columns remain blank. I have had more success with OptionsXpress virtual trader, although they recently implemented a policy of only maintaining non-funded accounts for 90 days. I am aware of the CBOE's paper trading platform, but have yet to test it out."}
{"2255": "\n\nRevised: Your home is your personal property and not a part of the partnership. Therefore, you may qualify to deduct home office expenses as a legitimate business expense on your individual tax return. This rule also applies to your partner. Additionally, any other unreimbursed expenses may also be considered for deduction."}
{"2256": "\n\nFirstly, it is important to learn from this experience and avoid cosigning in the future. Many others have shared similar stories on this site, so it is crucial to take this lesson to heart. Secondly, it is wise to take action to remove yourself from the loan. One option is to approach the father and offer to pay $1000, or potentially up to $3000, to remove yourself from the loan and sign over the car. If this does not work, going to the bank and offering half of the loan balance may be another option. It may also be worth offering the same deal to the new boyfriend if there is one. It is important to do this because the asset, which was initially valued at $13,000, is now likely worth less than $4,000, and the loan works against you, causing even greater losses. The goal should be to minimize the losses and learn from this experience.\n\nIt appears that part of the motivation for this post may be to express negative feelings about the ex-girlfriend, but it is important to focus on self-reflection and learning from the situation. It may be helpful to seek counseling to understand why poor choices were made and how to avoid similar mistakes in the future. It is also important to examine life goals - if the desired outcome is to become wealthy, it is important to learn from how affluent individuals handle money and relationships. Ultimately, if becoming wealthy is not a priority, then the loss of $13,000 over seven months is a small step in the right direction."}
{"2257": "\n\nOne point not yet addressed in the other responses is how being paid every two weeks affects the months that have five weeks. Does this result in a loss of two weeks each year? Personally, I receive my pay on Fridays and every so often, I receive three paychecks in a month which is always great (assuming I live within my means). However, most months I only receive two paychecks. As there are 12 months in a year and I am paid twice a month, I receive a total of 24 paychecks - which is two short of the 26 I would expect if I were paid every two weeks. The additional two paychecks fall into the months that have five Fridays. For instance, in 2014, there are four months with five Fridays (January, May, August, and October). In January, I was paid on the second Friday of the month, resulting in only two paychecks for that month. However, in May, I will be paid on the first Friday of the month, meaning I will be receiving three paychecks. Additionally, I will receive three paychecks in October, resulting in only two paychecks for August."}
{"2258": "\n\nI recommend that you reach out to the Office of the Controller of Currency, as they oversee BOA, and file a complaint regarding your situation. The circumstances surrounding this matter appear to be concerning. While the OCC FAQ states that BOA had the right to close your account, I believe they have an obligation to return your funds without delay, although I have been unable to locate specific information regarding this matter. Banks typically respond quickly to avoid negative feedback, so your complaint could encourage them to be more cooperative, even if it is not legally enforceable. Please refer to the OCC Complaint Process for assistance, and the topic on how long banks can withhold large deposits before releasing funds for further guidance."}
{"2259": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt is possible to find lenders who will work with you if you are upfront about your financial situation early on. However, it is important to note that this is not a requirement. The larger and more corporate the lender, the less likely you are to receive this type of support. Your ability to work out a repayment plan for missed payments will depend on the length of your reduced income. If you are experiencing a temporary period of unemployment and will be able to pay again in a few months, you may be able to create a repayment plan for some of your debts. However, if your income will be permanently reduced, or the duration of your income reduction is too long, filing for bankruptcy may be necessary in order to save your home and vehicle. It is important to research your area and seek out debt counseling services for guidance on when bankruptcy is advisable. When looking for a counselor, make sure that you find a local nonprofit organization rather than a predatory lender disguised as a credit counseling service. Some of these frauds take any money you pay, divide it among your creditors and allow your late or partial payment fees to continue accruing, while charging you a fee on top. This is fraudulent and may even result in criminal charges. The key is to communicate openly with your lenders, providing them with the level of disclosure they need to know. If you are disabled, they simply need to know whether the Social Security Administration has declared you disabled and are paying you a disability check. In some cases, your case worker can also help you find resources to negotiate with your creditors."}
{"2260": "\n\nRevised: There are several advantages to having a business checking account instead of a personal one. The first three benefits are straightforward and should help you determine if this choice is right for you. The fourth benefit is a bit less concrete. However, if you have an LLC that is taxed as a sole proprietorship, protecting your personal assets was likely a key factor in forming the LLC. In that case, opening a business checking account is strongly recommended to follow through on that goal."}
{"2261": "\n\nUSB is the stock symbol for US Bancorp. While the numbers may resemble their projected returns for the day, I am not entirely certain."}
{"2262": "\n\nYes, you have understood it correctly. The volume indicates the total number of shares traded on a given day. The ticker displays the number of shares purchased at a specific price during a particular transaction, and the arrow signifies whether the stock is up or down for that day at that price. The term \"institutional\" can also include pension funds, mutual funds, corporations, and any other shareholders that are not individual investors."}
{"2263": "\n\nThe data includes open, high, low, close, and volume. It should be noted that the volume on New Year's Day is zero. However, it is essential to understand the significance of each number in any given dataset, and DC's comment provides a more informative response."}
{"2264": "\n\nIf you prioritize liquidity and cost-efficiency, Vanguard should be your top choice. These financial experts are the industry leader in minimizing fees and other expenses while being comparable to Walmart in terms of their value proposition. Your portfolio's cornerstone should be the VTI, a total stock market fund that has excellent liquidity and the lowest fees, just 0.05%. If desired, you can supplement this with a world-minus-US fund. Instead of buying sector-specific, geographic funds, you can access the complete market at a more accessible price. It would be best if you considered adding bond funds or alternative investments (in moderation) to guarantee full diversification."}
{"2265": "\n\nRevised: Understanding a company's assets and net earnings is crucial in determining the ownership percentage for a $20k equity investment. Looking at several years of financial statements and identifying any red flags, such as early stage investors making loans instead of buying shares, can help with investment decisions. Investing in a single owner service company is challenging since net earnings go to the proprietor and replacing the owner is not possible. It's essential to understand the purpose of the funds and how they will be paid back before investing. Putting $20k into a blender may be more fulfilling than investing in a pipe dream. As the first rule of investing is to avoid losing money, one needs to approach investment decisions objectively and pragmatically. Therefore, the risk should be left to credit card companies."}
{"2266": "\n\nMultiple online sources and my local bank confirm that the answer is yes. This is a popular approach to building your own home; financing the land, constructing a basic dwelling (such as a garage with 1 bathroom/bedroom), refinancing into a mortgage, receiving cash back, and then building your desired home or addition. This technique allows you to avoid the demands of a \"construction loan\" from the bank and can save you tens of thousands of dollars by eliminating fees, contractors, scheduling, design expenses, and more."}
{"2267": "\n\nThere is low probability of the YA passing away within the next 10 years; thus, the premiums invested by the parents in the policy will not yield any returns. It is important to bear in mind that there will be a small loss with insurance on average. Insurance provides assurance and protection against potential catastrophes; it is not an investment tool. However, if the YA is at a high risk of sudden death, the situation may alter. Nevertheless, hiding relevant medical facts could lead to the invalidation of the insurance policy claim."}
{"2268": "\n\nIf you haven't come across index tracking exchange-traded funds (ETFs) on the Toronto Stock Exchange, you may not have explored enough. I'm aware of at least six significant ETF families available, including those offered by major U.S. ETF providers listed in Canada. To help, the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) provides a list of ETF providers with products listed on the exchange."}
{"2269": "\n\nMany people face the challenge of saving enough money to purchase their own home, regardless of their location. The solution is simple: save, save, save. Start by creating a budget to track every dollar you spend. After a few weeks, you will have a better understanding of where your money is being spent and where you can cut costs. Consider taking a second or third job in your spare time and contribute the salary to your savings. If possible, think about moving in with friends or family and pay them rent. This might be a cheaper alternative to renting on your own. Another option is to exchange housework for rent. Although it may be challenging, remind yourself of the ultimate goal.\n\nI understand that government policies in Pakistan are unfamiliar to me. Perhaps there may be a housing relief program that can temporarily relocate you? Your situation is unfortunate, and I empathize with you. Wishing you the best of luck!"}
{"2270": "\n\nI would recommend investing in a bank account with FDIC insurance for added security. In terms of an emergency fund, prioritizing the protection of your initial investment is crucial over potential earnings. Therefore, a standard savings account at a local bank (as opposed to an internet-based account) that may offer lower interest rates is acceptable. The benefit of having a local bank is the convenience of being able to withdraw your funds in person during regular business hours."}
{"2271": "\n\nHere's how capital gains work: they can be either long-term or short-term, depending on how long the taxpayer holds the property. If held for a year or less, the gain or loss is short-term. If the taxpayer's long-term gains exceed their long-term losses, the difference is a net long-term capital gain. The taxpayer has a net capital gain if the net long-term capital gain is greater than the net short-term capital loss. Short-term gains are taxed separately at a higher rate. To avoid realizing a long-term capital gain but still trade the stock, one can wait until the next year. Either the stock will decline, resulting in short-term gains on the short, or it will rise, resulting in short-term losses on the short that offset the gains on the stock. However, this only defers one's tax liability and does not necessarily reduce it."}
{"2272": "\n\nTo pay estimated taxes, use Form 1040-ES. Typically, people who pay estimated taxes do so quarterly because they receive self-employment income throughout the year. However, if you have a one-time event such as selling a large amount of stock, you can make a payment for just one quarter. It's important to make timely payments each quarter, as this is considered when calculating your taxes at the end of the year. If you have a big event mid-year, don't wait until the end of the year to make an estimated payment. If the event is at the end of the year, you can make it a 4th quarter estimated payment."}
{"2273": "\n\nThe technique you're referring to is known as \"tax gain harvesting\" and is widely regarded as a sound tax management strategy. According to The Oblivious Investor, individuals in the 10% to 15% tax bracket are exempt from paying taxes on long-term capital gains. For an intriguing perspective on how to eliminate income taxes altogether, visit Go Curry Cracker. By taking advantage of this method, taxpayers in the 10% to 15% bracket can claim up to approximately $70,000 in capital gains without incurring any taxes."}
{"2274": "\n\nIt is not feasible for all shareholders to reinvest their dividends since paying dividends does not create new shares. Therefore, unless some existing shareholders choose to sell their shares instead of reinvesting, there will be no shares available for reinvestment."}
{"2275": "\n\nTo greatly reduce your risk when purchasing a car, it's advisable to find a buyer before making the purchase. This is common practice in business, such as drop shipping and sales companies that connect manufacturers with customers. These sales companies don't take delivery of the product, but earn a commission on the sale. This benefits both the manufacturer, who gains customers for their products, and the buying company, who can create a better final product. Market inequalities can also be profitable, as seen in a missed opportunity where a name brand shirt was purchased from a discount store for $20 and could have been resold on eBay for $80. However, it's important to consider the amount of financial risk involved in any investment, such as floating $45,000 CDN for a year to sell a car. In uncertain economic times, investing significant amounts of net worth should be done with caution. Despite trading horses being a common practice in the US, it's not a strategy employed by car dealerships."}
{"2276": "\n\nYou can open multiple Roth or Traditional IRA accounts with different custodians, such as American Funds and Vanguard. However, having too many accounts with small balances may incur annual fees, which can be waived for larger balances. Therefore, it's best to consolidate your Roth IRA investments in one or two funds and custodians until your investments grow large enough to diversify further. Also, keep in mind that the sum total of contributions to all your IRA accounts must not exceed the annual limit.\n\nTo move money between your IRAs, use trustee-to-trustee transfers or rollovers. Rollovers involve taking a distribution from one IRA and depositing it into another IRA within 60 days. However, this method can be complicated and risky, and we recommend using transfers instead, which involve instructing the new custodian, such as Vanguard, to directly transfer the money from the old custodian, such as American Funds.\n\nIf you want to establish a Roth IRA with Vanguard and transfer funds from your Roth IRA with American Funds, contact Vanguard and provide them with the account number and amount you want to transfer. Vanguard will handle the whole process for you, and the money will appear in your new Roth IRA within days. Avoid contacting American Funds, as they may make the process difficult and delay the transfer. Finally, do not cash out your old account or attempt rollovers without professional assistance, as this may lead to costly mistakes."}
{"2277": "\n\n1a. That's incorrect. Compound interest works the same way within a 401(k) as it does in other investments.\n\n1b. Absolutely. The underlying assets in a 401(k) are the same as those in a regular brokerage account, providing the same investment options."}
{"2278": "\n\nI have experience working for Ally Auto (formerly GMAC), and I recommend avoiding paying off the account unless it is necessary to reduce your debt in your credit report. If you pay off the account, it will appear as though you owe your financial institution the original loan amount until it is paid off. It's not recommended to pay off the account all at once because good or bad payments are sent to the credit bureau 30 days after the payment's due date. To improve your credit score, it's best to make monthly payments. However, the downside is that more interest will accrue over time. If you leave a small balance, like $1.00, the financial institution may absorb it and consider the account paid off. What is your goal? Do you want to increase your credit score or reduce your debt?"}
{"2279": "\n\nBased on your circumstances, it appears that the sole advantage would be the continuation of insurance coverage. This is a vital safeguard for workers who don't have access to short-term disability, as it protects them from losing their employment. However, I would like to stress that since you are already in a relatively secure job setting, this benefit may not be significant for you."}
{"2280": "\n\nIt's not advisable to prioritize house savings over your debts. Your total debt is $1657, but you have $2000 in savings and a tax refund of $985, so I suggest paying off the Apple loan and credit card tomorrow. This would significantly reduce your debt to $1328. It's wise to keep $500 in an emergency fund and allocate the rest to the car, which although won't completely alleviate the car loan, will reduce it by a month. It's important to work hard to pay off the car loan, whether it means getting a second job or working overtime. Once the car loan is paid off, build an emergency fund of 3 to 6 months of expenses as if you're already a homeowner. It's better to lean towards the high side of your expenses to cover unforeseen circumstances. Only then should you start saving for a down payment. I recommend reading \"The Millionaire Next Door\" to gain insights into wealth building. Remember that your income is the most powerful tool to build wealth, and lifestyle choices can hinder your ability to become wealthy. These debts are small, so take the opportunity to pay them off."}
{"2281": "\n\nThere are various reasons why a company may implement a trading halt. Typically, it occurs when the company is preparing to release significant news to the market in order to prevent speculation from affecting the stock price. This news may include updates on earnings, acquisitions of other businesses, mergers with other companies, or takeover bids, among others. During the trading halt, the company gathers all necessary information and releases it to the market once it is ready."}
{"2282": "\n\nIs the company planning to expand its product line or territories? What is the projected earnings growth for the next five years? These two areas are often considered when analyzing a company's potential for growth. With Costco, investors may perceive it as a secure company with a considerable market capitalization of over $50 billion. Consequently, investing in Costco and receiving dividends may be a better option compared to leaving funds in money markets, which may yield nothing in some cases. It's also essential to consider the industry and sector values that Costco operates in, where according to Yahoo! Finance, the P/E ratio for the industry and sector is 35.05 and 28.47, respectively. This suggests that Costco's stock is not as inflated as other companies in the same ballpark, which could be another factor to consider when evaluating the company's growth potential."}
{"2283": "\n\nRevised: The ex-dividend date, which is August 5th (thanks, Victor), allows you to sell the stock without losing the dividend. On this day, the stock opens at a lower price than the previous day's closing price, reflecting the amount of the dividend. You can sell the stock anytime on August 5th, including pre-market trading, and still be eligible for the dividend. To receive the dividend, you must hold the stock by the end of after-hours trading on August 4th. The record date is not relevant to your trading decision."}
{"2284": "\n\nFor just $15/month, be sure to visit http://garynorth.com or subscribe to his free newsletters (Tip of the Week, Reality Check). It's definitely worth your investment. Gary North doesn't focus much on the US market indicators, other than to point out the fact that people are about 20% poorer than they were a decade ago. Instead, his focus lies on more fundamental indicators such as M1, treasury rates, and unemployment figures. In fact, as early as 2001, he suggested investing in gold. Although Gary North only updated his recommended investment portfolio a couple of years ago, it has performed exceptionally well."}
{"2285": "\n\nAllow me to share an anecdote in response to this. I assisted a retired widow who had been paying $500 annually to have her taxes prepared. Each year, she provided the necessary information from a provided checklist, and it appeared to me that a clerk then input the details into tax software. When I took over from her previous preparer, I requested a brief consultation from him. Although he was a very pleasant person, I discovered that she could have utilized a qualified charitable distribution (QCD) and donated directly from her IRA to save on taxes. As she was over 70 \u00bd years old and kept the standard deduction, this would have saved her $500. Additionally, she was in the 15% bracket, and there was still space for a Roth conversion to avoid the 25% bracket as her required minimum distributions (RMDs) increased over time. However, the previous preparer was not a financial planner and was unable to advise on these matters. While I respect his area of expertise, I found it difficult to understand the value he added to such a straightforward return. If you choose to hire a professional, ensure that you have a clear understanding of the services they will provide."}
{"2286": "\n\nIf you think you can predict when a crash will happen, remember that we all know what usually happens after a crash or a period of doom. However, the timing of these events is unpredictable."}
{"2287": "\n\nMichael Pryor's response accurately addresses the question asked. In contrast, the current accepted answer from Dheer provides a general overview of the entities involved in a typical transaction, but with some incorrect terminology. Below is a corrected and improved explanation: \n\nThe issuing bank is the organization that provides the customer with the credit card. When it comes to the split of service fees, the issuer takes on the majority of the cut that the merchant pays to different entities. For example, on an overall 2.5% service fee, approximately 1.5% goes to the issuer, 0.3% goes to the card network (such as Visa or Mastercard), and the remaining 0.7% goes to the acquiring bank. \n\nReward programs partner with participating merchants who pay a higher service fee in exchange for driving a higher volume of transactions to the merchant. A portion of the rewards also come from the issuer, who shares a percentage of their fee back to the customer in exchange for the likelihood of making more profit through increased transaction volume. For instance, a reward program might charge merchants a 4.5% fee, with the issuer receiving 3.5%, and up to 3% of this amount given back to the customer as a reward for loyalty. Banks can afford to take as little as 0.5% instead of their regular 1.5% due to increased transaction volume and the fixed membership fee they collect. It is worth noting that Costco has a similar business plan, but they generate all of their income from membership fees. By having enough clients, banks can theoretically run their entire program on membership fees alone, without any additional service fees to merchants. \n\nThe service fee mentioned above is arbitrary and can be lowered if the merchant is also a client of the issuing bank, meaning that both the issuing and acquiring banks are the same organization. This situation leads to a win-win-win situation for all parties involved. The banks stand to make more income if the customer ends up paying interest for their credit, although the rewards program is not designed to account for this."}
{"2288": "\n\nRemember to establish an emergency fund in addition to your retirement savings. While saving for retirement is crucial, you don't want to find yourself in a predicament where you require funds for an unforeseen circumstance, such as losing your job or getting into an accident, and all of your money is inaccessible in your 401(k)."}
{"2289": "\n\nI believe that if the price does not increase significantly, your order will open at 101, as you have set a limit order. However, if the price swiftly jumps or experiences a gap, you may not acquire a position. It is recommended to verify this with your broker. Additionally, there are warrants available that enable you to modify your price range, such as from 101 to 103. By doing so, should the price experience a sudden rise, you may still obtain a position at a price of 103, even if you were denied at 101."}
{"2290": "\n\nThe payment option known as \"Credit card installments\" or \"Equal pay installments\" is not widely used in the United States. While this option is supported directly by banks in other countries, it can only be found in select big stores such as home improvement stores, car dealerships, and cell phone operators in the US. Some stores may offer 0% financing for a certain period, but it is not the same as installments. Splitting payments into parts means that the seller receives payment in parts as well, which increases the risk of customer default and introduces the possibility of debt collection. Merchants usually support this payment option as banks do not care about it. In other countries, banks work directly with merchants, taking over or dividing the risk, but this is not the case in the United States. SplitIt is a company that allows stores to automate installments if they choose to do so. To build credit history in the US, obtaining a regular credit card may be difficult because there is no credit history. The easiest way is to request a \"secured credit card,\" where one must deposit funds upfront equal to the credit limit. This is a \"practice credit card\" that one uses for 6-12 months while the bank reports their usage to credit bureaus, establishing their credit score. One can then get their deposit back and convert their secured card into a regular credit card. One can also build credit history by paying rent and utilities, but very few companies report these payments to credit bureaus. Some businesses help to solve this problem for a fee."}
{"2291": "\n\nThere are several confusing statements in this text. Firstly, it is not possible for Company B LLC's sales to run under Company A LLC if B LLC ceases to operate as a separate entity. Secondly, the text implies that cancelling the EINs for A LLC and B LLC results in both entities ceasing to exist. Finally, the text recommends finding a better accountant before converting to an S-Corp.\n\nTo clarify, when merging B LLC into A LLC and converting to an S-Corp, B LLC will no longer exist as a separate entity. A new EIN will be created for A Corp, which will now have a DBA as \"B Shop\". This new entity, A Corp DBA B Shop, will then be used to open a new bank account. It is highly recommended to consult with a qualified accountant before making any major changes to the business structure."}
{"2292": "\n\nAssuming you have no debts, it may be wise to consider investing the money in property. Looking at property prices over the past two decades, it is clear that returns can be very good. For instance, I purchased a house in 1998 and sold it in 2003 for about 110% of the purchase price. However, it should be noted that past performance is no guarantee of future returns. Despite this, investing in property is a low-risk option because property prices are currently rising, and it is always best to get your foot on the housing ladder as soon as possible because prices can quickly become unaffordable even for those with good income levels. Moreover, a rental income from a property can be very useful without tying you down too much. For instance, you can purchase a reasonable property in several parts of the UK for \u00a360k that will generate a rental income of \u00a3400-\u00a3500. It is, however, important to note that a rental property needs to be maintained properly to protect your investment, and you will need to have a tenant. While it may be challenging to judge the right time to sell and purchase property with property prices, it is still a wise investment option.\n\nIf you decide to keep the Trust Fund, I would recommend comparing it with other options because a 12% return over six years is not great, even though the stock market has been slow. Moreover, it is important to keep some money aside for emergencies."}
{"2293": "\n\nBanks are not required to report on form 8300 because they already report cash transactions of $10,000 or more to FinCEN through a Currency Transaction Report (CTR), which serves the same purpose. The first item under Exceptions in the second column of page 3 of the form confirms this fact. This form is strictly for businesses, as indicated by its title, \"... Received in a Trade or Business.\" Since this money is not taxable income to the recipient and was not received through a trade or business, there is no obligation to report it. If you have not yet deposited the money, the bank will verify your identity and file the CTR. It is highly unlikely that the government will scrutinize a single transaction close to $10k, as they focus on significant financial activity from large entities. In the event of an investigation, you simply need to explain the origin of the funds. The IRS abuses were mainly aimed at small businesses that made frequent deposits slightly below $10k, which is a form of avoidance called \"structuring.\" As long as you comply with the required reporting and avoid any attempt to evade it, you should have no concerns."}
{"2294": "\n\nWho determines bond prices? Market forces dictate bond prices, as with most publicly traded commodities. The Greek government could have set a limit on the interest rate, for instance capping it at 5%. This approach, however, might have deterred potential investors, since the global bond market is highly liquid and investors have numerous options. Many investors may perceive Greek bonds as more than 5% risky, and therefore opt for less risky alternatives. As a result, lenders would expect a higher return, say 7%, as compensation for the additional risk of default. Governments would prefer not to issue bonds at all, but may have little choice when alternative measures like printing more money raise concerns of their own. Governments need funds to continue operations and when revenue from taxes is insufficient and printing money is deemed impractical, issuing bonds is a common method to obtain cash. Although this example refers more to interest rates than bond prices specifically, the fundamental principle remains the same."}
{"2295": "\n\nRevised: I have some concerns regarding your parents and the house's ownership. Without their names on the deed, it's unclear how the property could belong to them. It appears that the property's sale might not have been conducted officially, which could potentially lead to legal complications if your parents or aunt passes away. To avoid such circumstances, it's imperative that you take immediate steps to make the property's ownership official. One possible solution could be to have your aunt gift you the house, but you should bear in mind that this could have tax implications. However, according to http://www.bankrate.com/finance/real-estate/aunt-be-taxed-for-bargain-price-on-house.aspx, this might not necessarily be an issue. Another essential point to consider is the significant expenses that come with owning a house, such as taxes, bills, and maintenance. In light of this, it's crucial to ensure that you're financially prepared to handle these costs. Additionally, I wanted to bring up the \"rent-to-own\" plan you mentioned, as there could be issues with this approach. If you intend to claim that the property is entirely paid off after renting with no monthly payments, this could be seen as fraudulent. Ultimately, it's crucial to clarify whether the house's gift comes from your parents or your aunt\u2014and the sooner you can officially get the property under your name, the better."}
{"2296": "\n\nIn the US investment market, there are various players, such as traditional brokers, bank-affiliated brokers, and numerous startups. Opting for a broker tied to your bank is convenient as you can immediately begin trading without waiting to fund your brokerage account. However, traditional brokers may not have user-friendly interfaces, while startups tend to excel in this aspect. Nonetheless, the interface can be separated from the trading execution platform and you can use reporting services like Google Finance, Yahoo Finance, Sigfig, and Morningstar to monitor your holdings. \n\nSeveral startups offer investment services apart from traditional brokers. Robinhood provides a completely free platform with an intuitive interface that allows trading similar to a traditional broker. Acorns offers a lazy-investing service that automatically invests change from everyday purchases. Robo-advisors invest your money in multiple funds based on your risk profile. They often have the most user-friendly interfaces. Some of the popular robo-advisors include Betterment, Wealthfront, Personal Capital, Sigfig, and FutureAdvisor, along with offerings from larger players such as Schwab Intelligent Portfolios, Ally Managed Portfolio, and Vanguard Personal Advisor. \n\nIt is better to buy funds that cover the general stock market than to pick individual stocks. Robinhood is a good option for beginners, while robo-advisors are best for passive investors. If you prefer startups and don't mind some risk, try robo-advisors. If you want to trade on your smartphone and don't want to check up on your investments constantly, go for Acorns. Diversify your portfolio and explore investment options like cryptocurrencies and lending clubs like LendingClub and Prosper. Ultimately, the decision on whom to trust regarding advice lies with you. Traditional brokers and robo-advisors do not provide personalized advice. Sigfig and PersonalCapital offer limited personal consultancy hours annually, but will likely promote their robo-advisor services."}
{"2297": "\n\nThe assumption that houses appreciate in value by 5% annually is unrealistic. Real house prices have remained relatively constant over the long term. However, this applies to the market as a whole and not necessarily to individual houses, unless they are well-maintained. Investing in a single house is not well-diversified and comes with the risk of unforeseen problems such as mold, which could result in significant losses. In contrast, a carefully diversified stock portfolio carries lower risk, though individual stocks can also experience similar problems. For this reason, I would demand a higher nominal return of 10% from an individual house investment compared to an 8% nominal return from a non-leveraged stock portfolio.\n\nIf the goal is to diversify real estate investments, a portfolio of diversified real estate investments is a safer option than a diversified stock portfolio, with a nominal return of 6% over the long term being appropriate. When deciding between buying a house or living in a rental property, all costs, including the opportunity cost of capital, must be considered. In reality, the real return from buying a house comes from not having to pay rent, not from expected price appreciation. In my own case, living in government-subsidized rental property makes more sense than buying a market-priced house. However, each situation is unique and requires a thorough evaluation of all available options."}
{"2298": "\n\nThere is no hard and fast rule dictating how much one can spend on travel and entertainment expenses per person. The determining factor is reasonableness. It's possible to undergo an audit of your travel and entertainment expenses. I speak from experience, as I've had one for my Ontario corporation. I've been able to deduct expenses relating to company Christmas parties and going-away dinners for departing employees without any issues. You may be aware that in certain cases, only half of certain expenses can be deducted. If the purpose of the entertainment is to attract or retain employees or clients, then it shouldn't pose any issues. For small businesses, however, things can get a little more challenging. While Microsoft can send an entire team along with their families to Hawaii as a reward for completing a tough project, smaller businesses may not be able to do the same. If your party is solely meant for your close friends, family, and neighbors, and no clients, employees, suppliers, or potential suppliers are in attendance, then it wouldn't be wise to deduct it. If you're unsure whether you should proceed with deducting the cost, always remember to ask yourself how you would justify your decision to an auditor."}
{"2299": "\n\nDiversification is the easiest way to manage risks associated with individual stocks. Therefore, most of my investments are in broad market index funds, particularly the S&P 500. Although I occasionally purchase individual stocks, my primary strategy is to buy options when I believe that the stock's price movements are not supported by its fundamentals. I engage in this type of short-term, higher-risk investing within my Roth IRA to maximize my profits, which will not be taxed. The Roth IRA protects me from short-term capital gains on my income tax, which could negate gains from a successful year. I generally outperform the market in this account, but not by a significant margin. If I invested directly in stocks rather than just using options, I could easily lose all of my gains in a bad year. While some people hedge with put options, this is only cost-effective when the strike prices represent losses of 20% or more, and it can eat away gains. Others prefer to add to their gains by selling covered call options, hoping to benefit if there is a substantial upward move in the market, but also still receive gains if that upward movement does not occur."}
{"2300": "\n\nWhile .9% may seem impressive, the cost of the car itself holds greater significance. Some people argue that owning a new car during the first X years/miles is not cost-effective. The crucial consideration is the allocation of your budget. Are you spending a small portion or a substantial amount on your car payment? Additionally, it is essential to assess the size of your housing expenses."}
{"2301": "\n\nFrom June to December 1968, the NYSE closed every Wednesday to cope with a Paperwork Crunch that had accrued billions of dollars worth of unprocessed transactions. Although Wednesday trading resumed in January 1969, NYSE had to end it early at 2pm for seven more months. Forbes describes this situation as \"quaint\" in today's era of email, cloud, and high-speed trading. However, in 1968, daily trading reached an all-time high of 21 million shares, with unprocessed transactions totaling over $4 billion. The securities-processing system had broken down, and the back offices of brokerage firms and stock-transfer agents blamed each other for the mess. As a result, roughly 100 broker-dealers failed, unable to fulfill back-orders. The Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) was established to fix the problem, similar to the FDIC. The NYSE continued to close on Wednesdays from June to December, and Wednesday trading resumed in January but ended early at 2pm for seven months."}
{"2302": "\n\nWhen I purchased my first brand new car - which was quite some time ago - I paid for it with a personal check of $5000. Shortly after, the salesperson contacted me, stating that the bank had informed him that I lacked sufficient funds in my checking account. This was due to my recent transfer of money from my savings account to my checking account, which I explained to him. The salesperson understood my situation and this issue was resolved without further complications."}
{"2303": "\n\nIn the US, consider visiting the Charity Navigator website to evaluate how charities utilize donated funds effectively. Currently, I only donate to organizations that have received three stars or higher, unless I am very familiar with the charity. In fact, I gradually replace three-star organizations with four-star ones in the same category. Charity Navigator reviews numerous international groups, so it may be useful for those donating from or to other countries."}
{"2304": "\n\nConsider using ThinkOrSwim by TDAmeritrade, which provides a robust trading platform for paper trading. Additionally, you can trade on-the-go using its mobile application. Wishing you the best of luck!"}
{"2305": "\n\nThe current prices of the stocks and warrants suggest that it would not be wise to exercise the warrants at this time. Purchasing units (one stock + one-third warrant) or bare stock at prices below the $11.50 exercise price of the warrants would be more beneficial. However, if the price of the bare stock were to significantly rise above $11.50, exercising the warrants and selling the received stock could become profitable. It is not necessary to factor in the trading price of original units when deciding to exercise warrants, although it is important when deciding whether to sell the units. \n\nRegarding the current market price of the \"unit,\" it seems overpriced compared to the price of the bare stock. This could be due to the belief in the market that the price of bare stock will rise above $11.50 in the future, making the option to exercise warrants more attractive. Finally, the intent of Social Capital in the IPO was most likely to raise funds for their future operations, with the offering of warrants being a potential incentive for investors. It is uncertain whether their aim is solely to attract more investors or if they genuinely believe in the potential profitability of their future operations."}
{"2306": "\n\nPossible revision:\n\nAlthough it may initially seem like a lost cause, there could still be some worth in holding shares of an insolvent company. Investopedia provides a concise and informative article explaining how stockholders can potentially benefit from the liquidation process by receiving a share of the remaining assets. While this is unlikely to yield much if the stock value has plummeted, any return can still be substantial. Moreover, the unusually high trading activity in such situations can be partly due to specialized firms and hedge funds that focus on evaluating and acquiring distressed assets, including shares and debt that others may discard. In the case of this particular company, the significant attention that it generates from the public, the valuable intellectual property it possesses, and the pending legal disputes could all contribute to the heightened volume of trading."}
{"2307": "\n\nIn summary, the difference between cash and cash equivalents and net cash and cash equivalents can be found in Diageo's 2016 annual report on page 99, in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The section \"Net cash and cash equivalents consist of\" breaks down the figures by category. Bank overdrafts are included in this section and it is unclear how they factor into the balance sheet. The net cash for 2016 is $809 million, which is $427 million more than the 2015 net cash of $382 million, and this difference matches the \"Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents\" from Yahoo."}
{"2308": "\n\nThe price of a stock is established by an agreement between buyers and sellers. Companies do not determine the price of their own stocks; instead, investors set the price through each trade. The latest trade price is the only available price, as there is no \"official\" one. With a limit order, it is possible to propose a trade at any price, but finding a willing counterparty may be challenging. Stock quotes obtained from brokers or financial websites reflect the last traded price, which may update at varying speeds depending on the provider. Obtaining real-time quotes is possible through various means. Rather than relying on an \"official\" price, it is more helpful to consider the bid/ask spread. For further information on this, refer to this question."}
{"2309": "\n\nI highly recommend seeking personal referrals when looking for a broker. Ask around among your network of friends, family members, neighbors, co-workers, and even your dog-sitter until you come across someone who speaks highly of their broker. As for the process of transferring assets, in my experience, it is typically straightforward. The new broker is usually very motivated to assist with this process as acquiring your assets would be in their best interest."}
{"2310": "\n\nAre all bonds priced to provide the same average return after accounting for risk? In other words, do risk premiums only compensate for potential losses? The answer is no. For example, General Electric may issue a bond with a lower yield than a Chinese company with no prior track record in the U.S. markets. Bond pricing factors in default risk, servicability of the bond, location of the issuer's main business, and specific terms and conditions stated in the prospectus (such as whether the bond is callable, insured against default, etc.). Why would anyone take on more risk for the same payoff? The reward for higher risk (default risk, term structure, coupon payments, etc.) is greater to compensate for the increased risk exposure. As a result, the yield on a high-risk bond will always be higher than that on a low-risk bond. For example, the yield on Greek bonds in 2011-2012 was in the 25-30% range to reflect the high risk of a Greek default. Those hedge funds that bought Greek bonds during the eurozone crisis made a fortune. The risk-return relationship for bonds or a portfolio of bonds applies to the Efficient Frontier theory. To put it simply: you always want to be compensated for the risk you're taking. So while investors may view a bond purchase as risk-free, that assumption is not always correct."}
{"2311": "\n\nA $260k mortgage may be difficult to manage with a salary of only $80k. If you tend to have expensive tastes, you may need to consider scaling down your lifestyle. The determining factor for your financial well-being will be the taxes and recurring fees associated with owning the property. In the event that property taxes in your area are increasing at a higher rate than inflation, you could experience trouble in the future. It is important to consider local market conditions, as these will play a large role in your decision. As someone unfamiliar with Salt Lake City, it is difficult for me to offer specific guidance. However, it is generally true that condos tend to decrease in value faster than single-family homes during tough economic times. If the condo you are considering is located in a desirable area, and the building is well-maintained, there is a good chance that its value will appreciate in the future. Ultimately, if you believe the property is a good investment, then go for it."}
{"2312": "\n\nWhy would the IRS pursue you if you have already reported your income? If you provided accurate information, the IRS will cross-check the 1099 to ensure compliance and conclude the matter satisfactorily. The individual who owes you a 1099 should have given it to you before the end of January; however, she may be subject to IRS fines for late filing. Nevertheless, as long as you or your spouse reported all of the income earned, there should be no issues. The income should have been reported either on Schedule C or as miscellaneous income on line 21, with Schedule C being the appropriate option if your spouse is in the cleaning business. Whether or not you received a 1099, the reporting process is identical, and if you have reported your income, there should be no reason for concern."}
{"2313": "\n\nI believe @Dilip already answered your first question. Let me now direct my attention to your second question regarding the criteria for estimating the situation's value. The criteria are as follows: [list of criteria]. I hope this information has been helpful to you."}
{"2314": "\n\nTypically, this is not a random occurrence. A small order size may not be reflected on the chart, but it is still a valid price point. The same could happen for large orders that do show on the chart. It is important to consider that this may be the first in a series of transactions that go below your stop point. Would you prefer it to be executed now, or later, when potentially greater losses can occur? The system cannot predict the future and decide if it's a one-time dip or a market crash. Therefore, it follows the given instructions and sells if any transfer occurs below the limit. To decrease the chance of this happening, you can increase the distance or trade higher volumes. Additionally, highly liquid stocks tend to not show small transaction dips."}
{"2315": "\n\nSwitzerland is widely regarded as a safe haven for money in times of crisis, but its appeal has diminished due to its tax reporting obligations to the EU and USA. While their stable and well-established banking industry is one factor, the primary attraction is their reputation for protecting money, even for deplorable organizations or individuals. The low to non-existent taxes are another benefit. Although recent changes have been made, Switzerland is still seen as a destination for individuals trying to safeguard their assets in the event of a country's financial collapse or war. This can cause the CHF to appreciate. Conversely, Japan is unique because of its persistent near-zero inflation, leading to low nominal and real interest rates. The \"cash and carry\" or \"carry\" trade prevails, with investors borrowing in JPY to buy assets in other currencies. If those countries are at risk of confiscating their resident's money or engaging in war, carry traders will unwind their leveraged investments, increasing the demand for JPY and driving its value up."}
{"2316": "\n\nOn E*TRADE, I held a long position on an option that ended in the money and expired, but nothing happened. This practice, known as scalping expiring options, is a high-risk strategy. The option was only a penny or two in the money and was not worth exercising, and I did not have the purchasing power to do so anyway. According to E*TRADE's website, equity options that are $0.01 or more in the money will be automatically exercised for you, unless you instruct them not to do so. Otherwise, options that expire out of the money will be worthless. You may request to exercise American style options before expiration, but only on the last trading day prior to expiration. A broker-assisted trade will be necessary to exercise the option, and the regular options commission applies. If you do not have sufficient purchasing power to exercise or accept the assignment, your expiring options positions may be closed without notification. E*TRADE may also submit do-not-exercise instructions for you without notice in this case. To find out more about options expiration dates, visit their site."}
{"2317": "\n\nClearing refers to the process of settling transactions that have yet to be finalized. Specifically, this includes all money transfers between banks. When a bank is designated as the Clearing Bank for RMB business, it means that all RMB transactions must be cleared through that particular bank. For example, if Bank A in Hong Kong receives a check drawn on Bank B in Hong Kong in RMB, Bank A must go to the Bank of China (BoC) with the check to obtain the funds. The BoC will then deduct the money from Bank B's account. This process requires that both Bank A and Bank B have accounts with the BoC. A \"sole\" clearing house means that there is only one designated bank for these transactions. This means that Bank A and Bank B cannot settle the check through another bank such as C, even if they both have accounts with them. Instead, they MUST utilize the services of the BoC."}
{"2318": "\n\nRevised: Selling put options can be a viable way to generate income, provided that you are willing and able to purchase the underlying stock. The potential downside is minimal, as it is similar to any stock investment that may decrease in value. It is important to only sell puts on stocks that you would be comfortable owning outright. For those who disagree with this strategy, I would appreciate further clarification as to why they hold this view. While there are risks involved, selling puts is not inherently worse than investing in stocks or dividend stocks. Since the majority of options expire without being exercised, the odds are generally favorable when selling puts."}
{"2319": "\n\nShould he file a tax return in this situation? Even if he received a 1099, the IRS won't be concerned if he doesn't file. However, if he doesn't file, the IRS may reach out to him to inquire why or even establish a return for him with the assumption that the entire amount on the 1099-MISC is his net earnings. Therefore, it's likely that he will end up filing just to demonstrate that he doesn't have to. Ultimately, if he receives 1099 income or any other income reported to the IRS that brings him over the filing threshold, he should file a return."}
{"2320": "\n\nWhen purchasing investment properties, there are varying degrees of passive investment involvement. On one end, there are individuals who purchase investment properties and hand them over to real estate agents for management, without wanting to think about it thereafter (except for receiving rent payments regularly). On the other end, there are those who engage in all aspects of management, including collecting rent by knocking on the doors of their tenants. Ideally, a balanced approach is preferred, where successful property investors operate their investment properties like a business. They handle overall management of the properties but delegate day-to-day details to a team. \n\nIn terms of property age, brand new properties will command a premium price, while those that are five to ten years old will be relatively new but without the added cost. I once purchased a two to three-year-old unit for less than its original purchase price when brand new. Additionally, even with properties that are five years old, the majority of depreciation benefits remain available. Maintenance expectations should also not be too high for properties that are five to ten years old. \n\nAnother option to consider is Defence Housing, managed by the Department of Defence, which offers guaranteed rent for ten years or more, with or without tenants. They are also responsible for maintenance and restoring properties to their original state when their contract is over. However, management fees for these properties can be high, up to 15% or more. While it may not be suitable for everyone, those considering a passive investment approach may find this a viable option. Personally, I do not endorse Defence Housing properties due to their high fees and terms and conditions, but it is worth considering based on individual circumstances."}
{"2321": "\n\nRounding errors may occur, but if the actual tax paid does not change, there is typically no reason to file an amendment. As long as all income was reported appropriately and the tax was calculated correctly, rounding up or down on individual lines is insignificant. However, it is useful to remember that while federal taxes are typically rounded to the nearest dollar on each form line, this may not be true for state taxes. It is best to avoid calculating cents and instead round to the nearest dollar, maintaining consistency across all tax forms. Although reporting cents is legal, automatic tax filing software always rounds, so using this method will avoid any discrepancies."}
{"2322": "\n\nIf you are considering building a home, hiring a builder to work on a lot with utilities already connected can simplify the process. However, if you plan to subdivide a large piece of land, there are additional factors to consider. For instance, what easements exist and what easements would need to be created to connect utilities? Would all lots have street access, or would you need to dedicate part of the land for building a new road? Additionally, it is important to note that the value of the homes you build can be affected by the size of the parcels, which should ideally be closer to 1 acre to avoid diminishing their worth. Therefore, before proceeding, it is recommended to run the numbers with around 6 houses and to look for updated prices on the cost of building custom homes, which are typically around $275-$350, especially if working with an architect to create the plans."}
{"2323": "\n\nConsider pursuing a line of credit or a Home Equity Line of Credit as alternative financing options."}
{"2324": "\n\nIn general, an increase in institutional investors is seen as a positive sign, although it is important to consider the various types of institutions. The common institutional investors include mutual funds, pension funds, endowments, and hedge funds, each with their own potential implications. Hedge funds, for example, seek to make profits with few limitations on their methods. They may use their voting power to improve the value of undervalued stocks, or they may resort to more questionable practices like artificially inflating stock prices for short-term gain, resulting in market volatility. However, the concerns with hedge funds are insignificant when compared to the overall advantages of institutional ownership. Those who express doubts about these investors are most likely considering the latter scenario."}
{"2325": "\n\n\"You don't need to take your car to the DMV. They will send the number plate and registration sticker to your home address. The dealer should have already charged you for these items, and they will send all necessary information to the DMV. Additionally, the temporary plate is created through the DMV only.\""}
{"2326": "\n\nAfter opening the \"download data\" csv file for Apple from Yahoo Finance's historical prices page (https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/AAPL/history?period1=1463599361&period2=1495135361&interval=div%7Csplit&filter=split&frequency=1d) in Excel, I found that the closing price and adjusted price were both showing the same value, which is frustrating. In order to calculate the total return for a specific period, my only option was to obtain the dividend history of the stock and add it back to the adjusted price."}
{"2327": "\n\nThe balance sheet will show liabilities, which as Michael Kj\u00f6rling notes, reflect total debt, usually in the form of loans or bonds. However, it should be pointed out that if a company's loan term is shorter than the quarter, it may not be reported accurately since the data is specific only to a particular point in time.\nTo get a better understanding of a particular company's assets and liabilities, it would be best to review the full SEC filing instead of relying on a summary page. For example, http://investor.apple.com/ provides a link to the 10-Q report, which provides a more detailed breakdown of a company's financials, although it appears that Apple does not have any outstanding bonds. \nSome companies may have little debt due to their exceptional profitability in their respective markets."}
{"2328": "\n\nAs you mentioned, it is crucial to maintain a clear distinction between personal assets and company assets to protect the liability of the LLC. I suggest opening a business bank account right from the start. When my wife formed her LLC last year, we obtained a small business checking account with Savings Institute and Trust that had no fees. We used a personal check as start-up capital, and since then, all of the LLC's expenses have been paid from the checking account and associated debit card. It only took about an hour to open the account at the bank. If you are in Kentucky, a quick search for \"Kentucky small business checking\" yields multiple options from various banks, including no-fee checking."}
{"2329": "\n\nTo answer your question, it would be best to pay off the car in full before trading it in. This is because if you purchase a vehicle for 14k and pay it off, you will still need to pay tax on top of that amount. However, in certain states, if you trade in your 14k car for another 14k car, you can receive a tax break. If you trade in your car for 7k, you will then owe tax on the remaining amount. If you only have 7k, it would be difficult to pay for both the new car and tax. By paying off the car first, you will have 14k to use towards the purchase of a new car, without having to pay any additional taxes."}
{"2330": "\n\nDo you know if any US state has ever gone into default? While it is possible for a state to default, it is unlikely as there is no provision for a state to go bankrupt. However, California has come close to defaulting in the past. It is unclear what would happen if a state did default, but officials are examining existing laws. Despite this possibility, it is unlikely that a state would be allowed to go into default. Although the US is a federation made up of individual states, it is stronger than the EU and does not allow for the separation of nations. While this can be problematic at times when federal policies impact local communities, it ultimately strengthens the country as a whole."}
{"2331": "\n\nThe answer to your question regarding investment returns depends on your starting and ending dates. Developed markets tend to have higher returns over certain periods, while emerging markets perform better over others. There is no clear favoritism towards one or the other. As you mentioned, emerging markets exhibit higher nominal returns, but these may be influenced by developed market currency movements, which can mitigate their advantage. It's important to keep an eye on strong and weak currencies in developed markets, particularly the US. During strong currency periods, it's beneficial to invest in the US market, while in weak currency periods, the higher nominal local returns will be captured in dollar terms."}
{"2332": "\n\nI pay taxes on my revenue. However, you are able to deduct certain expenses, though the deduction is not as comprehensive as what companies are allowed. Tax brackets apply to all individuals and as you earn more and move up in brackets, you are taxed at a higher rate for the additional income. Personal expenses can be deducted, but since most people do not keep detailed records of their expenses, blanket deduction amounts are used instead. Companies have detailed systems in place to track and categorize expenses, which makes it easier to tax on net profit. Corporate tax rates are much higher than average individual tax rates, so trading more deductions for a higher tax rate may not be desirable."}
{"2333": "\n\nIt is recommended that you diversify your investment by putting your money into various stock market indexes such as the Dow Jones, S&P500, and Nasdaq. It is advisable to hold onto these investments until you are ready to retire. For example, I have invested 50% in SLYV (S&P600 small cap value) and 50% in SLYG (S&P600 small cap growth) which has yielded an average return of 8-13% per year since 1971. Please note that this does not constitute investment advice and it is important to consult with your broker before making any investment decisions."}
{"2334": "\n\nAlthough we haven't had many expats or Australians on the site yet, I'd like to share what I've learned about the Australian Computer Society (ACS). As a software developer, you may be interested in learning more about national IT professional societies, such as the BCS, CIPS, ACM, and IEEE-CS. My friend is currently doing an MBA project on the funding models of these organizations in the absence of mandatory licensing. The ACS is designated as the professional assessing authority for individuals seeking to apply for skilled migration as IT professionals to Australia. The ACS makes money by assisting the Australian government in determining immigration eligibility. For example, you would need to have your skills assessed by the ACS before even applying for immigration. The PASA (General) application costs AUD 400 (~ \u00a3225).\n\nBear in mind that there will be other fees involved. For instance, the government recommends using a registered migration agent, which can cost you anywhere from AUD 1500 to AUD 4000 (~ \u00a3850 - ~ \u00a32270). You will also need to pay a fee for the immigration application process itself, which currently totals AUD 6035 (~ \u00a33420) for professionals and other skilled migrants outside Australia. Therefore, it's prudent to have ample savings for all the red tape stuff and other expenses involved in moving to and living in Australia. Best of luck! By the way, have you considered Canada? ;)"}
{"2335": "\n\nI am not discouraged by the difficulty of parsing English for several reasons. Firstly, perfect parsing is not necessary to understand meaning; one can identify keywords and use algorithms to form approximations. Additionally, with a statistical advantage and repetition, one can make a profit. Second, third-party software will likely become available to perform this task or provide support for it. In fact, it may already exist. Thirdly, software that uses numerical data to produce human-like articles already exists, although some are robotic and easily identifiable. As a result, there will be a continued improvement in parsing, and there will be more incentives to release more data in machine-readable formats. Finally, the keyword approach has been successful, and neural networks trained to find correlations between keywords and market trends may yield promising results. As evidence of this, I recommend exploring this link and its related links. If you have the resources, it may be worth trying your idea."}
{"2336": "\n\nI am currently in the process of developing a UK stock screener. Although primarily an exercise in determining how to execute technical calculations like MACD and EMA, it may be of interest to those who share those interests. The screener can be found at http://www.pifflevalve.co.uk/screen-builder/. While this is primarily a personal project and not intended for commercial use, it is still enjoyable to experiment with."}
{"2337": "\n\nRevised: Being debt-free makes it much simpler to earn money. Therefore, if you can sell your current apartment to eliminate your outstanding mortgage and purchase your new home outright, this is likely the optimal plan of action."}
{"2338": "\n\nCapital surplus is the excess amount a company raises beyond the par value (nominal value) of its common stock. This surplus arises from sources other than earnings and includes amounts received from the sale or exchange of capital stock above its par or stated value, profits on resale of treasury stock, donations to capital by stockholders, increment arising from revaluation of fixed or other assets. The par value and premium above it are determined by regulators when deciding the number of shares a company wants to issue. For a single share, the capital surplus is the premium, and by multiplying it by the number of shares issued, the total capital surplus can be calculated. This information is available in the RHP of an issue. Investopedia provides a simpler explanation compared to Wikipedia's calculation-heavy description."}
{"2339": "\n\nThere are numerous sources where you can find this information. You can visit the company's official website or any financial news website with access, such as TESCO on FT. Additionally, third-party websites that offer information on companies, like TESCO on Companycheck, can be useful. It's worth noting that, in my experience, FT provides me with more extensive shareholder lists than Companycheck since I have paid for access to FT."}
{"2340": "\n\nIt is recommended to aggregate taxes by tax group at the summary level rather than calculating them at the item level. The ideal approach is to use the line items summary method. Charging taxes at the item level could lead to a loophole in the law, where individuals or businesses could split items or services into multiple pieces at a low price, resulting in no taxes being levied. This loophole could be exploited in industries such as banking or plastic pellets."}
{"2341": "\n\nFor a reliable solution personalized to your needs, seek advice from a professional local accountant. Especially consider those who specialize in business tax matters. Otherwise, you may try to decipher the complex tax code on your own. Seeking advice from an accountant carries the added benefit of allowing you to inquire about restructuring expenses, debts, and income to minimize your tax liability. An accountant can also help you compare the numbers for different options so that you can choose the best one based on mathematical accuracy."}
{"2342": "\n\nBegin by compiling a list of mortgage companies that are authorized to operate in your area. Within a 10-mile radius of my home, there are 80 such companies, while over 100 operate throughout my county. To narrow down your options, consider established businesses in your local region or on a national level. You may also wish to start with your current lender. It is understandable to be concerned about possible scams or tricks. In the recent past, the most common scams involved teaser rates and risky loans, such as interest-only or pick-your-payment loans. Therefore, a straightforward loan package with minimal bells and whistles may be the best option to mitigate your risk. While it may be helpful to consult with organizations such as the Better Business Bureau or your neighbors, remember that even those who once loved their exotic mortgages could end up regretting their decision. Moreover, the quality of loan officers can vary significantly, even within well-established companies. Unless you can receive a personal recommendation for a specific loan officer, it is difficult to predict the level of service you will receive. The greatest risk associated with acquiring a mortgage for a purchase is the possibility of taking out a loan that leads to unaffordable monthly payments. However, this risk is somewhat lessened with a refinance, as you already have a mortgage with a known monthly payment. Keep in mind, though, that stretching out payments for another 30 years can lead to longer-term costs. Before refinancing, ensure that you understand your end goal and whether the streamlined options will meet your needs since they cannot be used to get cash out."}
{"2343": "\n\nSimilar bonds, including securitized mortgages, with comparable average lifetimes, typically have similar yields or trade within predictable yield spreads. However, despite having a 30-year lifetime, 30-year mortgages do not trade in synchronization with 30-year treasuries. In mortgage securitization, the federal agencies, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae bundle mortgages together for investors. Prepayment assumptions for these mortgages determine their average lifetimes, which are typically similar to 10-year treasury notes. For instance, the 100% PSA is the average prepayment rate, which increases linearly from zero to 6% over the initial 30 months of the mortgage. Subsequently, the prepayment rate is pegged at 6% per annum. Although prepayment rates for mortgage reduce their average lifetime, mortgage investments still yield returns that remain in step with 10-year Treasury notes. The average life of a debt relates to the expected time it takes to pay down the principal through sinking fund payments or amortization. To compute the average life, the payment date (in months or years fraction) is multiplied by its corresponding percentage of the total principal repaid, then adding them. The sum is then divided by the total issue size."}
{"2344": "\n\nFor more information on Spot-Delivery scams, click on this link: https://www.carbuyingtips.com/top-10-scams/scam1.htm Additionally, I came across another article that reminded me of this post: http://oppositelock.kinja.com/when-the-dealership-steals-back-the-car-they-just-sold-1636730607. In this scenario, dealerships lure customers in with the promise of a lower APR for financing, only to later demand a higher rate or increased payments. If your purchasing agreement includes a line stating, \"Subject to financing approval,\" you may be at risk. To protect yourself, consider seeking legal advice. Some customers have successfully sued dealers for theft in similar situations, as highlighted in the 'oppositelock.kinja.com' article above."}
{"2345": "\n\nThe accuracy of certain factors hinges on whether physical share certificates or digital records in a brokerage portfolio are present. Digital shares lack the ability for individual traceability. Although ETrade retains a record of purchase quantities, it is unable to disclose individual stock identity. Suppose ETrade purchases 1000 shares of Acme, their system will depict: ET sells 400 shares to Bob, Bob sells 200, Alice purchases 100 (one transaction omitted for brevity). Is Alice's 100 stocks sourced from the total 1000 shares ET initially obtained or from Bob's former shares? Are they partially from both sources? Another method to visualize the process is to liken one share as 1 milliliter of liquid. Once you return 50 milliliters into the container, distinguishing it from the others becomes impossible."}
{"2346": "\n\nBefore investing in an ETF, it is crucial to understand its objective. Some ETFs may use leverage to achieve returns that are different from the index's return, such as ultra funds that aim for double the return or double the inverse. Even ETFs that use physical replication may still have a portion used to minimize tracking error, which refers to the difference between the fund's returns and the index's returns. It is important to consider what kind of tracking error is acceptable, as the fund's returns can differ from the index's returns. For instance, if a fund has a 50% return and then a -50% return in consecutive periods, the final return would be -25%. One must be cautious of the risks of leverage, as it amplifies returns in a compounded fashion, which could result in negative returns."}
{"2347": "\n\nThe book When Money Dies discusses the stocks during the hyperinflation in Weimar. Though I don't possess a copy of the book, I can direct you to a blog post about it. The stock exchange became a hub of speculation for all classes, and the shares' values ballooned relentlessly. Essentially, the stock market flourished, i.e. the US dollar value of stocks showed a remarkable increase, but the price of all things rose if measured in marks. As quoted in the article, in marks, the stocks had a remarkable run, and even in USD, their value increased significantly. This rapid increase in the stock market seems reasonable because people wanted to invest in tangible assets that they could rely on. Since a stock represents ownership in the corporation and its possessions, it is logical to want them. Moreover, when currency lacks value, gambling with it might seem pointless. I am interested in discovering the stock market's performance in other hyperinflations."}
{"2348": "\n\nRevised: Based on your clarification that your intention is to only use cryptocurrency as a capital asset and a long-term investment vehicle, rather than for day trading or trading for others, I can confirm that this is not illegal. Cryptocurrency is considered property by the tax authorities, as stated in Notice 2014-21 by the IRS. Therefore, as long as you report every transfer and any resulting income loss or gain, there should be no issues."}
{"2349": "\n\nAs per your situation, I suggest using one of the existing Polish currency exchange platforms. You can find a comprehensive list at http://jakikantor.pl. It's worth noting that some of these platforms have bank accounts in Britain, which means that the exchange rate will be closer to the market price."}
{"2350": "\n\nOANDA offers a handy online tool (a Java applet) that can assist you with your query. The Currency Graph FXGraph feature enables you to plot the fluctuations between two currencies over any given time span. With this tool, you can create your own personalized graph of historical currency exchange rates for over 190 currencies, going back to 1990. To learn more, visit Currency Graph | OANDA."}
{"2351": "\n\nDisclosure: I attended FinCon, a financial blogger conference last month where I briefly met a few people from PeerStreet, a real estate loan company. I recognize some of the names of their financial backers, which speaks to their credibility. \n\nPeerStreet is similar to Prosper and Lending Club but focuses on real estate loans. Some may view their offerings as \"too good to be true,\" but as someone with a Real Estate license, I can attest to the existence of high-interest loans such as \"Hard Money\" loans. \n\nWhile I represented the seller for a home financed with a Hard Money loan charging the buyer 10%, I felt morally and legally bound to not interfere with the deal even though it left a bad taste in my mouth. PeerStreet's 25% down payment requirement is steep but could be accessible to those with little credit history who have saved up.\n\nPeerStreet offers loans lasting 6-24 months, and it seems that buyers manage to refinance during this time. Perhaps due to bad timing or needing to get their loan approved, these buyers can benefit from PeerStreet's investors. \n\nAs a final note, in a social setting, when I shared the 10% story, some people expressed that they would be happy to invest their money at 6%. This anecdote emphasizes PeerStreet's potential appeal to investors."}
{"2352": "\n\nRevised: To start with, it's recommended that you put down at least 20% of the house's value in cash to avoid having to pay private mortgage insurance (PMI). After factoring in the substantial cash chunk that you will need to provide, you can then use calculators offered on bank websites to determine how much house you can afford on a given mortgage. While old advice encouraged individuals to purchase the largest home they could afford or opt for a \"starter home,\" those guidelines may no longer be appropriate in the current market. \n\nAs a general rule, you can estimate the maximum mortgage payment to be rule of 28, which means that your monthly mortgage payment should not exceed 28% of your gross monthly income before taxes are taken out. The maximum housing cost is determined by the rule of 32; your total housing payments that include homeowner's insurance, private mortgage insurance, property taxes, and association fees should not exceed 32% of your gross monthly income. Finally, the rule of 40 can be used to ensure that your total debt payments, including your housing payment, auto loan or student loan payments, and minimum credit card payments, do not exceed 40% of your gross monthly income. \n\nRemember that these are all estimates based on lender guidelines and should be used only as a starting point. The final loan amount that you qualify for will depend on interest rates, mortgage duration, and how much you can afford to withdraw from your savings. Moreover, keep in mind that if you can't provide 20% of the home's value in cash, you will be required to pay PMI. \n\nLastly, it's essential to note that purchasing a home may not be financially viable unless you plan on staying put for more than five years. Renting may be cheaper, depending on the local housing options, and it doesn't come with the added expenses and responsibilities that come along with home ownership. Buy a home only if it makes sense financially and if it meets your quality-of-life needs, not merely as an investment opportunity."}
{"2353": "\n\nNo, it's not recommended due to the high balance transfer fees that can reach up to 4%. However, if you can secure a deal for 12 months with no payment, and you manage to pay off the balance within that time, a 4% annual interest rate could be more favorable than taking out a loan. In this scenario, you would be taking a gamble that you'll be able to handle the payments responsibly, while the credit card company is taking the opposite bet."}
{"2354": "\n\nRevised: Reach out to the administrators of your plan, as they are responsible for determining and executing the available options within that particular plan."}
{"2355": "\n\nRevised: \n\nIf you are a direct shareholder of Tellabs, the transfer agent, Computershare, should have your information on file, including your registered address. Based on my personal experience with Computershare, I can attest that they were able to reissue dividend checks to my new address with just one phone call when they were mistakenly sent to my parents' old residence. While I do not have information about their international transfer policies or fees, it is reassuring to know that if they have your funds, they will be able to locate them. Computershare Investor Services operates as the stock transfer agent for Tellabs. If you need to transfer shares, change ownership, report lost or stolen certificates, or update your address, please reach out to Computershare at +1.312.360.5389."}
{"2356": "\n\nDon't limit yourself to just one savings vehicle like a 401k or SPY. Instead, consider using multiple options like a 401k, Roth IRA, and emergency fund. It's possible to combine non-tax-advantaged accounts and allocate a portion for emergency funds. SPY is an ETF version of SPDR, an index mutual fund that tracks the S&P 500 index by buying weighted amounts of its members using algorithms. Investors have little to no direct influence on the index. Targeted retirement plan funds offer a diversified allocation in one fund but watch out for high fees. If your company is matching 10% of your income on a 1:1 basis, it's an excellent offer even with a 10-year vesting requirement. However, a 1:10 match for 401k contributions is a terrible deal. Take advantage of the tax advantages for your retirement planning. \n\nConsider living frugally to maximize your savings rate, and don't restrict yourself to cheap behaviors. Instead, look at wasteful spending and eliminate those expenses. As you begin to save and invest, after ten years or so, your contributions will begin to earn noticeable returns that could eventually eclipse your contributions. This is the key to financial independence. Research and read financial independence blog posts as you learn to live frugally. Planning and a lot of work are required, but it's a worthwhile goal."}
{"2357": "\n\nAs far as I know, Gillet and Hicks were granted significant loans to finance their acquisition of the club. Unfortunately, they have been unable to honor the repayments, resulting in the creditors owning Liverpool FC. This scenario is similar to obtaining a car or mortgage loan wherein missing repayments may lead to the credit or bank company seizing back the property. While there may be underlying complexities in this case, I doubt it is fundamentally different. RBS and the mill finance are involved as they provided the loans and are probably eager to sell before facing insolvency. This would lead to Liverpool losing nine points and a further decrease in value."}
{"2358": "\n\nStock represents ownership in a company, with the value of your stake equal to a percentage of the company's total valuation. Dividends are payments of the company's profits to shareholders, proportional to their ownership in the company. However, dividends are not guaranteed as the company may choose to use the cash for future growth instead. For example, if you bought 100 shares of ABC Inc listed on NYSE at a price of $10 per share, your ownership would be calculated as a fraction of the total 1 million shares issued. If the company declares a dividend of $1 per share, your dividend yield would be equivalent to the dividend payment divided by the stock price, or 10%. A useful analogy would be to think of stock and dividend as being similar to Fixed Deposits and interest earned, respectively, in the banking industry."}
{"2359": "\n\nIn my opinion, this question addresses both opinion and economics. The question is: why would someone purchase a bond with a negative yield? The answer is that preserving cash is an important consideration for high net worth individuals, large financial institutions, and governments. This is particularly relevant at present, as many government bonds are issuing negative yields in an effort to encourage spending and revive the economy."}
{"2360": "\n\nBob Shiller's Financial Markets course from Yale University is an exceptional source of information. You can easily find it on YouTube, iTunes U, Academic Earth, or Yale's official website."}
{"2361": "\n\nHere is a list of Yahoo! Finance APIs. Although it is unclear how much longer they will be supported, you can access them at: https://code.google.com/p/yahoo-finance-managed/wiki/YahooFinanceAPIs"}
{"2362": "\n\n\"17.5 thousand miles per year is quite high mileage. However, vehicles of similar age, such as the Accord or Civic, can still be found that have a lower mileage. Even with your limited credit history, you should be able to obtain a loan for an older vehicle like this without too much difficulty. With your parents' financial situation, you may consider having them cosign on the loan. I bought my first car 13 years ago in this way.\n\nHowever, remember that one of the most significant costs of owning a vehicle is the full collision auto coverage, which will be required by the financing bank. Obtain some quotes before signing any documents. When I purchased my first car, I ended up spending $2000 more on a motorcycle since the more powerful motorcycle was $2000 cheaper to insure annually.\n\nLastly, motorcycles are an option to consider, given LA's beautiful weather. Owning a motorcycle is much more cost-effective than owning a car. However, if you do not have medical insurance, this may not be a good option for you. Moreover, it may not interest you anyway.\""}
{"2363": "\n\nTo ensure a smooth payment process, consult with your university's finance department. Inform them of your intention to pay for a portion or all of your next semester in cash and they should be able to advise you on the most suitable payment method, such as the use of cash or check. If you encounter difficulties finding the finance department or remain uncertain about the payment process, feel free to seek more information from the student services department."}
{"2364": "\n\nBased on the information you provided, there are numerous theories that one could formulate about the rental market. One possibility could be that there are no listings because available rental units are rapidly taken up on this street. Alternatively, the absence of listings might suggest that most of the buildings on the street have been vacated and that aside from the property being offered to you, the rest of the street is inhabited solely by wild dogs and/or drug dealers. Another possibility is that the majority of the properties on this street are owner-occupied and therefore, not available for rental. It is also plausible that this is a commercial district, or that property owners in Syracuse prefer to advertise their rentals through other means than the online platform you used. Alternatively, there might be specific city regulations in Syracuse that require property to be advertised through print media and not web-based portals.  Therefore, more exploration is needed to make an informed decision before committing to purchasing a property. Have you had a chance to visit the property and assess its suitability? Given the considerable investment involved, which could easily be in the tens of thousands of dollars, it is undoubtedly beneficial to make a trip to Syracuse to evaluate the property before finalizing the purchase."}
{"2365": "\n\nOver the years, I have purchased ISO stock from NYSE traded companies. However, every time I purchase ISO stock, they follow a \"sell-to-cover\" strategy. The government treats the difference between the Fair Market Value (FMV) and the purchase price as a part of my salary. Moreover, extra stock is sold to pay estimated taxes. So, let's say I buy 20,000 shares at $3, which costs me $60,000. In my sell-to-cover scenario where the stock price is $5, keeping only 4,000 shares out of the 20,000 owned doesn't feel right. Maybe it's because I have always sold at a higher ratio between the strike price and FMV. I want to clarify two assumptions: first, the company will sell some of the stock to pay taxes, and second, your marginal tax rate. Before taking any action, please verify these. Is there any reason to exercise the ISO stock immediately? In my opinion, it's better to wait."}
{"2366": "\n\nThe post describes a portfolio that combines small portions of Vanguard sector funds, including Vanguard Pacific Stock Index (VPACX) with the aim of achieving a favorable risk-return tradeoff through rebalancing. Similar ETFs are available from Vanguard, iShares, and State Street. To replicate the portfolio exactly, one can choose from these options. However, it may not be advisable for most people in Australia to follow the Gone Fishin Portfolio (GFP) due to higher brokerage and management fees, especially for smaller portfolios. Additionally, allocating 5% manually to various sectors can result in small slices, leading to increased costs and the need to track tax consequences. Furthermore, as most assets move in tandem with the Australian dollar, there may be less diversification. The GFP's tax approach may also not be directly applicable to Australia. Instead, implementing the general approach of the portfolio can be achieved through Vanguard and superannuation diversified funds, which have a similar internal split of stocks, bonds, and property trusts. These funds take care of rebalancing, spreading across asset classes, and tax calculations, and can be complemented with a precious metals allocation using an ETF such as ASX:GOLD."}
{"2367": "\n\nRevised: When it comes to retirement savings, consider setting up a Roth IRA or traditional IRA. If you transfer funds to a Roth IRA, be aware that you'll need to pay taxes on the amount you roll over (unless you're transferring from a Roth 401k). However, any money in the Roth will grow tax-free and remain tax-free upon withdrawal. On the other hand, a traditional IRA doesn't require taxes upfront but will when you make withdrawals. Keep in mind that withdrawals cannot be made until you're at least 59 1/2 years of age without facing penalties, the same as with a 401k plan. Additionally, if you decide to take the money out (for a mortgage, another investment, etc.) without transferring it to a qualified account, you'll owe taxes as well as a 10% penalty. This means you'll only receive anywhere from 60% to 70% of its total value."}
{"2368": "\n\nThree months ago, I successfully repaid the loan my father gave me for my car, making me completely debt-free for two months now. I also managed to pay off my education loan and car loan. Despite not owning any property at the moment, I have been able to save up a three-month emergency fund to cover unexpected expenses. Being debt-free has been a great relief for me, as I no longer have to deal with the stress and worry that came with having outstanding loans. I am now in a much better position and feel more financially secure."}
{"2369": "\n\nThere are already many valid points made in this discussion, but one aspect that hasn't been discussed is the possibility of purchased items breaking or being defective. Depending on the warranty and the reliability of the company, there may be an advantage to not having fully paid for the item yet. If a defect is discovered, the fact that payments are still ongoing may motivate the company to be more attentive to your warranty claim. This is because they know that delayed action on their part could lead to you halting payments. However, it is important to note that stopping payments is not recommended in this scenario. Instead, companies and banks are often more willing to work with you when you still owe them money."}
{"2370": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt is commonly believed that LLC profits can result in lower tax rates due to a possible exemption from taxation on flow-through income or taxation as capital gains. However, this notion is incorrect and has no relation to capital accounts. Capital accounts only represent the members/partners' capital in the enterprise and have no impact on the taxation of earnings. \n\nRegarding losses, if an LLC incurs a loss, it can offset taxable income of the same type, similar to other losses on individual tax returns. \n\nTypically, partnerships with flow-through taxation follow the original attributes of income, meaning that if it is capital gains, it will be taxed as such; if it is earned income, it will be taxed accordingly. However, going through LLC/partnership does not alter the income's character, unlike going through a corporation, which can result in re-characterization of income."}
{"2371": "\n\nRevised: Trading based solely on newly released news may not be the most effective strategy, as the market has often already factored in the news during the anticipation phase. Additionally, the market response can be unpredictable, where good news may lead to a decline in share prices and vice versa. For instance, the announcement of new record profits may lead to a drop in stock prices, if that growth doesn't meet analysts' high expectations or projections. On the other hand, a company may report losses but experience a rise in share price if the reported loss is less than the expected loss. For example, if a company was expected to make a 50% loss but only reported a 20% loss, the stock price can go up, especially if the shares had been performing poorly for some time. Similarly, when the Federal Reserve in the USA announces an interest rate hike, it can have either a positive or negative effect on the market, depending on expectations and whether it indicates an economic improvement. \n\nThe best trading approach is to develop a well-defined trading plan and use technical analysis with established buy and sell criteria that you follow rigorously. Then, back-test the trading plan under different market conditions to ensure that you have a positive expectancy."}
{"2372": "\n\nI would like to understand why my investment has been experiencing losses in the last four to five months. Since the funds are invested in the stock market, it appears that the Pakistan stock market has been experiencing a drop from its all-time high during that period. I am currently at a crossroads whether to liquidate my investment or keep it in the hope of a future recovery. While it is impossible to predict the future and the funds may either grow or depreciate, I am concerned about the possibility of losing all my investment value. Is there any form of insurance against such a situation? With the growth fund, returns are not guaranteed, and theoretically, it is possible to lose all invested funds. However, practically, some value may still remain. If I needed guaranteed returns, would the EFU Guaranteed Growth Fund be a better choice?"}
{"2373": "After reading from O'Neil to Van Tharp, it seems that no one can consistently pick winners more than 75% of the time regardless of their trading system. Most traders see success if they have a 60% win and 40% loss ratio. The chart is only a reflection of the past and therefore cannot predict the future reliably. To illustrate this, imagine looking at a daily chart at 9:30 am and trying to determine the market direction for the next hour based on technical indicators and fundamentals. It would be virtually impossible, and anyone attempting it would quickly realize that predicting hourly or even minute-by-minute price movements is foolish. While larger patterns of behavior over a period of years can be relied upon, attempting to predict short-term movements is futile.\n\nTo be a successful trader, it's important to keep trading and cut your losses to no more than 1% of your portfolio risk per trade. By doing this and aiming for at least a 50/50 win-loss ratio, you will eventually end up with a profitable portfolio. Even the best traders are only right 60% of the time, so the key is to keep trading and cutting losses while holding onto winning positions. One effective strategy is to trade 3x leveraged funds or stocks with a beta of at least 3 from the general index. The stock market trends, with stock movements following a 66-75% up or down trend pattern. Therefore, if you buy when a stock is up, there's a good chance it will go up the following day as well.\n\nRemember that losing 1/3 of the time is part of the unpredictable nature of the stock market, caused by the fact that three types of traders (day traders, swing traders, and buy and hold investors) are all trading the same stock at the same time with different price targets and time horizons. It's impossible to predict price action or volume in this scenario, but by cutting losses and riding winners consistently, you can achieve a good return on investment."}
{"2374": "\n\nRevised: If your income exceeds the low limit for deducting a traditional IRA, particularly if you are covered by a 401(k), then your IRA options are primarily limited to a Roth IRA. It seems that Cramer intended to compare 401(k) and IRA based on their pre-/post-tax status, so Traditional 401(k) vs. Traditional IRA, or Roth 401(k) vs. Roth IRA would be more appropriate. Comparing a Roth investment with a Traditional investment is a separate topic that could easily cause confusion. If deducting a traditional IRA is not feasible, then Cramer's advice may not be as straightforward when it comes to a Traditional 401(k). This means that Cramer's advice may not apply to most people since they have a Traditional 401(k), and if you are enrolled in a 401(k), you can only deduct a Traditional IRA if your income is very low. Thus, it's difficult to determine the relevancy of Cramer's advice in this situation."}
{"2375": "\n\nEnvudu (envudu.com) has a lot of potential. From what I understand, it can fulfill most of your requirements. Essentially, it is a prepaid card that comes with a handy app. With this app, you can assign each purchase to a specific budget category. Then, when you swipe your card, the cost gets deducted from that category. While there is not much information available about what happens if you try to swipe when a category is empty, it seems like a great way to manage your finances. There are some additional costs, including a $20 annual fee, and it requires a smartphone to use. Nonetheless, it meets your criteria and seems like a promising option."}
{"2376": "\n\nUnderstanding statistics can be challenging, particularly in terms of the context and implications of the data and its presentation. For instance, if we consider real estate sales data for a given town, we may find that the average sale price has decreased by 3% every year for the last 10 years. What can we conclude from this information? However, in examining your data, it's important to note that age has not been mentioned. Nonetheless, by reviewing the charts, we can obtain a clearer picture. One notable finding is that nearly half of pre-retirees have no retirement savings. While the average savings for the upper half is almost twice the reported $164K, it's important to acknowledge that those who lacked access to retirement accounts or self-employed individuals who overlooked them may have saved outside of retirement-labeled accounts. It's also worth noting that Social Security benefits, particularly for those earning $30K, can replace nearly half of their working income at retirement, rising to almost 65% if they work until 70. While I don't recommend relying solely on Social Security for retirement income, lower-wage workers benefit from more substantial replacement benefits. Therefore, in my opinion, focusing solely on the median is insufficient. Instead, these charts provide more comprehensive information to form a fuller understanding."}
{"2377": "\n\nRevised: Extending the billing cycle to 2 to 3 months can create additional credit risk for banks and can lead to reduced profitability. Currently, the monthly billing cycle provides consumers with an average 22-day credit period, based on the transaction date and billing date. However, a longer billing cycle can significantly increase the credit period, averaging 52 days for a 3-month cycle. While a longer cycle may seem beneficial, it also raises the credit risk for banks when customers fail to make payments. Therefore, it is important to consider the various billing cycle options offered by different banks instead of solely focusing on credit period maximization. In the past, billing cycles varied, but with the rise of multiple card ownership, many banks have streamlined their billing cycles to the monthly option. Shop around for different billing cycle options to ensure that you select the most suitable for your needs."}
{"2378": "\n\nNo, I won't answer that question. However, my colleague Kay Bell has written an informative article on the topic of deducting private mortgage insurance, which you may find helpful."}
{"2379": "\n\nRevised: If you want to refinance your loan at a lower rate, make sure to communicate that to the banks and inquire about what options they have available for you."}
{"2380": "\n\nGoogle Finance now offers the feature to import earnings report dates straight to your Google calendar. Please refer to the screenshot below, which highlights the calendar import button circled in red."}
{"2381": "\n\nThe relationship between stock prices and supply and demand is well-established - as demand increases, so does the price of the stock. However, this raises the question of whether a stock's price is solely dependent on public perception, rather than its intrinsic value. This debate has been ongoing for decades, with behavioral finance literature suggesting that investor sentiment can cause unpredictable market fluctuations. In contrast, the efficient market theory argues that a stock's price accurately reflects its underlying value, as championed by Harry Markowitz and Eugene Fama. While most investors believe that markets are not perfectly efficient, Benjamin Graham's statement that \"the market is a voting machine in the short run, but a weighing machine in the long run\" suggests that short-term price changes are influenced by public sentiment, while long-term changes are based on the stock's actual worth. \n\nFor instance, current hype around tech stocks is driving up the share price of LinkedIn despite its modest earnings relative to valuation. If the company continues to become more profitable, the price may remain high, but if it does not, the stock price will likely fall until it reflects the company's fundamentals."}
{"2382": "\n\nTo transfer funds to your preferred broker, request the necessary paperwork from them. It is not possible to transfer funds to a non-existing account, therefore, before moving funds from an old pension plan to an IRA, I first set up an IRA with my broker of choice. Upon informing them of my intention to transfer the funds, they did not require an initial deposit. You can then provide the previous company with your broker's details and account number to facilitate the transfer process."}
{"2383": "\n\nRevised: Buying a property can come with additional costs such as fixing various issues related to the house. It is important to bear in mind that such expenses can surpass any discounts you may get due to such problems. For instance, if the house requires a new kitchen worth $15K, it may be only $7K cheaper than a house with a fully-functioning kitchen. Therefore, it is advisable to be cautious of such \"fixer-uppers.\" \n\nSimilarly, when selling a property, expenses may include cleaning, repairs, and moving, which can be avoided by doing it personally. Although choosing to work without an agent may save costs, first-time buyers should be careful when making such a decision. In some towns, there are agents who only work with buyers, which eliminates any conflict of interest. Although agent commissions may vary based on location and can be negotiable, real estate transfer taxes may still apply to buyers or sellers depending on their jurisdiction. Visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_estate_transfer_tax for more information."}
{"2384": "\n\nIn the ninth month, your outstanding balance is $7,954.25. You must pay this amount along with the additional $250. However, you have not made this payment yet, and the next line shows the payment due for the following month. As a result, you still owe $242.47 in column 4."}
{"2385": "\n\nRevised: In short, it's unlikely. In the long run, consistently generating a 20% compounded return on your money is considered very good. However, even with this return rate, it's unlikely that you will become rich from starting with $10,000. Based on the average case, your investment would compound to $61,400 per year, but this isn't enough to accumulate substantial wealth within a decade."}
{"2386": "\n\nRevised: \nStep 1: When answering the phone, I inform the caller that it is illegal to contact me on my cell phone and request that all further communication be in writing. I also request that the caller place my number on their \"Do Not Call\" list, and advise them to perform a reverse search of the number they dialed. \n\nStep 2: If the caller continues to contact me despite my previous warning, I inform them that I have owned this number for a certain amount of time and that I have forwarded their calls through Google Voice and marked them as spam. This often results in the caller receiving a message that states the number has been disconnected. \n\nStep 3: As a last resort, I may resort to more forceful measures, such as telling the caller that the person they are trying to reach has passed away. This is only done in extreme cases of harassment when the previous steps have not been successful. In most cases, Step 1 is sufficient in deterring unwanted calls, regardless of who the caller is asking for."}
{"2387": "\n\nIt is assumed that you were previously a W-2 employee since your question does not state this explicitly. As a W-2 employee, a portion of your paycheck was withheld for income, social security, and Medicare taxes. However, just because you did not receive that portion of your earnings does not mean that it was immediately sent to the IRS. Some companies only send in withheld taxes quarterly, which provides them with a short-term, interest-free loan. Taxes withheld by a W-2 employee in the later months of the year may not be provided to the IRS until 15 January of the following year. Although a W-2 employee earning $100K will most likely pay less in taxes than someone who is self-employed with $5K in expenses, there are many factors to consider. If you properly fill out a 1040ES and pay the correct amount of quarterly payments, you will almost never owe taxes. In fact, the forms will most likely allow you to receive a refund. It is important to note that tax laws can change, and there may be unexpected surcharges. The notion of a \"social security lockbox\" and the Medicare and social security taxes were created to make the actual income tax rate more palatable, and all tax contributions go into one big bucket of money. It is recommended that you get your taxes done as early as possible for the upcoming year, so you can estimate and modify your last estimated payment by January 15th. Completing your taxes when all necessary materials have been received allows you to save money for any additional taxes owed. By showing concern and planning ahead, you will be able to avoid any issues with the IRS and their dealings."}
{"2388": "Firstly, it is not recommended to ask a realtor for advice as they represent the seller. Blankip's advice, as mentioned earlier, is the most accurate. To estimate the market, analyze past sales in the neighborhood and estimate the prospects for the house at different durations. Determine the house's expected sales time if it is priced high, the seller is willing to wait. Understand the owner's profile, their timetable, and objectively rate the plusses and minuses of the house to determine the lowest price the owner will accept in a 30-day timeframe. Make a written offer with an address and email, no phone number. Ignore counter offers or conversations with realtors. If the 30-day time frame elapses, move onto the next choice and make a more aggressive offer. This approach may seem counter-intuitive, but it is the pro way to negotiate and will lead to the best results for a short-term situation. For long-term situations, such as for an investor, a different strategy can be used, which involves pressuring a vulnerable seller. Building a relationship with the seller by pestering them every two weeks can result in a much better deal, but it takes more time and effort."}
{"2389": "\n\nI stumbled upon a highly informative video that explains the concept of \"Long Straddle.\" I would like to share the link to the video: http://www.khanacademy.org/finance-economics/core-finance/v/long-straddle"}
{"2390": "\n\nCalculating taxes may not be difficult, as you will pay a percentage of your gross sales to state and local sales tax. As a single-owner LLC, your profits after sales taxes will pass through to your individual tax return, according to an IRS article. It's important to note that these taxes are not cumulative and have different bases - gross sales versus net profit. Determining the profitability of your business requires asking which aspects you can control. Can you control how much each item sells for? Increasing your prices will increase your gross margins, which should be higher than your fixed and variable costs. If your margins do not exceed your costs, your business will not be profitable. As a vendor, you are at a slight disadvantage compared to a retailer since tax has to be baked into your prices. However, people expect to pay more at vending machines, so the disadvantage is minor since you aren't competing directly with retailers."}
{"2391": "\n\nIt is essential to have a lawyer examine it. Your concerns should include:"}
{"2392": "\n\nBanks remain unaffected by inflation in terms of operations. They usually maintain short rates lower than long rates, irrespective of inflation levels, unless there are quotas or price controls implicated. Their credit production follows the pattern of short-term borrowing and long-term lending. As a result, the banks can continue to produce loans when short rates are lower than long rates, assuming no quotas or price controls. Thus, the banks' credit production remains unchanged regardless of inflation."}
{"2393": "\n\nWhile definitely included in your AGI, it may not increase your ordinary income tax bracket. To determine your tax liability, you'll need to use the Capital Gains Computation worksheet, which utilizes the general Tax Computation Worksheet. It's important to note that you may also be subject to the AMT. For further guidance, refer to the instructions for form 1040, specifically line 44 (page 38) and line 45."}
{"2394": "\n\nThe following text has been revised:\n\nAccording to the IRS notice 2014-21 FAQ, virtual currency is considered property for federal tax purposes, and general tax principles applicable to property transactions apply to transactions involving virtual currency. Moreover, a taxpayer may have a gain or loss upon exchanging virtual currency for other property. If the fair market value of the received property exceeds the virtual currency's adjusted basis, the taxpayer will have taxable gain, whereas if the fair market value of the received property is less than the adjusted basis of the virtual currency, the taxpayer will have a loss. Additionally, a taxpayer who \"mines\" virtual currency will realize gross income when successfully doing so. The fair market value of the received virtual currency on the date of receipt is includible in gross income, as per Publication 525, Taxable and Nontaxable Income."}
{"2395": "\n\nRevised:\n\nAn Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) comprises two components: stocks and the weightage of each stock. If the ETF tracks the average of five stock prices, with equal weightage given to each, a 20% increase in any one of the five stocks will cause the ETF price to increase by 4%. However, it is important to note that factors such as tracking error, tracking difference, and fund expense ratio may also affect the ETF's returns."}
{"2396": "\n\nAs others have mentioned, the decision between insurance and no insurance comes down to balancing a fixed cost against the risk of a potentially large, unforeseen expense. With insurance, you'll pay a set premium every month with a 100% chance of having to do so. Without insurance, there's a greater chance of having no costs in a given month, but a smaller chance of facing a substantial expense. For example, my home insurance costs $50 a month, but if my house were to burn down, I could face a loss of $100,000. The likelihood of that happening is minimal, but I'd rather pay the $50 monthly premium and not have to worry about it.\n\nIn another example, when I purchased a filing cabinet for $160, the store offered me an extended warranty for $20 a year. Although the probability of something happening to damage the cabinet is small, I could handle the loss of $160 if it did occur. I wouldn't lose sleep over it. However, losing $100,000 or becoming homeless would certainly keep me up at night.\n\nWhen I was younger and had less money, I bought cheaper cars knowing that if they were totaled, I could find a way to buy another. In that case, it wasn't worth paying for car insurance. Now that I drive a car that costs $6,000, I have collision and comprehensive coverage, but it's still debatable whether it's necessary. I paid cash for the car, and if needed, I could come up with the money to replace it. Plus, my last college tuition payment is due next month, so that expense is disappearing. :-)"}
{"2397": "\n\nBased on my understanding, paying your bills more than 5 days late will not result in bankruptcy or hinder your ability to obtain future loans. However, it can potentially result in lenders offering you credit at a higher interest rate, which may not be helpful if you are already struggling with finances. Regardless of your financial situation, there are things you can do to improve it.\n\nThe first thing you should do is set a budget by listing all sources of income and expenses, including bills and discretionary spending. You can talk with your existing lenders to negotiate reducing your interest rates on debts and repayments. However, note that any reduction in repayments may lengthen your repayment period and increase your total interest in the long term.\n\nTo increase your income and reduce expenses, consider getting a job, selling unwanted items or starting a small home business. You can also make coffee and lunch at home instead of purchasing them, pay off high-interest debts first, consolidate all debts into a lower interest rate loan, reduce discretionary spending, and cancel unnecessary services.\n\nDebt consolidation into a lower interest rate loan can be a good idea, but be wary of longer terms that may result in paying more interest in the long run. Use caution when exploring debt consolidation options and read the fine print carefully.\n\nIf you find that repayments are getting out of hand and no one will help with debt consolidation or reducing interest rates, consider a Part 9 debt agreement as a last resort. Remember, a debt agreement will appear on your credit file for seven years, and your name will be listed on the National Personal Insolvency Index forever.\n\nIf you need further assistance or information on managing your finances, contact Centrelink's Financial Information Service for free and confidential education and information on financial and lifestyle issues. Take action now to manage your money and lead a less stressful, more comfortable life."}
{"2398": "\n\nRevised: The valuation of a company's stock is determined by the overall perception of its current and future worth. Net income is only one factor, and it is important to delve deeper into the financial summary to gain a better understanding of a company's financial health. When reviewing the financials for Fortinet (http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/FTNT/financials), you will also observe that the market's belief in the company's future prospects influences its stock price. Ultimately, the stock's value is a culmination of opinions of investors who use future value calculators to gauge its potential value to them."}
{"2399": "\n\nThe process is known as \"dilution\" and it is typically done to attract additional investors to a company. Unfortunately, this often results in existing shareholders experiencing a reduction in their ownership share. While you do have the ability to influence board decisions based on your level of ownership, attracting new investors is often necessary to keep the company operational, leaving little recourse for shareholders to avoid dilution. In most cases, initial investors and employees in a startup will likely face dilution. A prime example of this is Steve Jobs and his experience at Apple."}
{"2400": "\n\nIf my salary slip states that I will be paying x INR tax this financial year, what is the minimum investment I need to make to avoid paying any tax? It's important to note that the rebate of up to Rs 5000 is not directly linked to investments. If your total Gross is less than Rs 5 lacs, you can claim this rebate from the total tax computed. However, whether or not your salary slip considers this rebate amount will depend on your company's policy. Some companies may have already factored in the rebate and deducted less tax, while others may not have. Regardless, it's important to claim this rebate when you file your returns, as failing to do so will result in excess tax. Unfortunately, there is no provision in the company form 16 to show this rebate. Furthermore, if your taxable income exceeds Rs 5 lacs due to other income, you will not be eligible for this rebate and will have to pay tax. To claim this rebate, you must explicitly specify this claim under 87A in your ITR. If your company has already factored in the rebate while deducting tax, you will not receive any refunds, while if they haven't, you will have to claim the refund. If x is not calculated by considering this rebate amount, the increment of tax rebate from INR 2000 to INR 5000 will be applicable immediately. For instance, if your gross salary is INR 6 lacs, but you invest INR 1.5 lacs in 80C, your net taxable income will be INR 4.5 lacs. The tax on 4.5 lacs by a normal individual less than 60 years will be 10% of 2 lacs, i.e., INR 20,000. You can then claim the INR 5000 deduction under 87A and pay only INR 15,000 [20000-15000]. Whereas, if your gross salary is INR 2.8 lacs and you haven't made any investments, your net taxable income will be INR 2.8 lacs, and the tax would be INR 3000, which you can claim the rebate under 87A and not pay tax."}
{"2401": "\n\nThis is a subjective question that may require extensive research to answer definitively. However, in my personal opinion, the weak economy and problems associated with easy credit pose a greater challenge than the new regulations. There is some evidence to suggest that card issuers are compensating for lost income by imposing higher fees, but I believe that a person's credit rating and history with an issuer are now more important factors. Card issuers are less likely to lower rates to retain or attract customers. According to The Motley Fool, the new regulations resulted in card issuers dropping their high-risk customers. Some critics contend that the regulations served only to prompt issuers to explore new ways to exploit customers. For more information on the act, you can refer to these NYTimes blog posts: http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/22/what-the-credit-card-act-means-for-you/ and http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/22/the-effects-of-the-credit-card-act/. As JohnFx points out, it never hurts to ask."}
{"2402": "\n\nWhile there could be additional options available, a beneficial place to begin would be with the ecoENERGY Retrofit Grants and Incentives program. Administered by Natural Resources Canada, this initiative offers funding to fund energy-saving projects. The application process varies depending on whether it is for homes, commercial buildings, institutional buildings, or industrial facilities. Collaboratively, we can reduce greenhouse gases and air pollution caused by energy consumption, resulting in a cleaner environment for Canada. Furthermore, a home renovation tax credit was previously available on a temporary basis about a year ago. It has since ended and has yet to be replaced with any other program."}
{"2403": "\n\nGoogle Finance and Yahoo! Finance are two sites that provide a wide range of market information. This includes major US stock markets such as the Dow, Nasdaq, and S&P 500, as well as information on bond yields, gold, and oil. The specific information that is important can vary depending on one's area of work. For instance, if one works at a well-known bond firm, various bond benchmarks are likely to be known and monitored as opposed to stock indices. It is also important to consider what constitutes a \"finance practitioner,\" as not all professionals in the industry may watch the markets. For example, accountants and actuaries may not monitor market information, while software developers working at hedge funds may do so. Therefore, it is not only a matter of the type of work but also the company's field of expertise."}
{"2404": "\n\nIf you forget to include the recipient's name in the \"pay to the order of\" line on a check, anyone who comes into possession of it can add their name and deposit it into their bank account. It's crucial to ensure the correct recipient receives the check to avoid any confusion. Otherwise, a fastidious teller may reject a check made out to \"Billy Smith\" if the recipient's driver's license states their name as \"Xavier William Smith.\" Unfortunately, a criminal may also exploit this error to process the check in their favor. If you write a check to a small business or an individual, it's wise to inform them should anything go wrong. Alternatively, waiting to see what happens may be your only option if you send a check to a large business with a payment processing center located far away from your physical location."}
{"2405": "\n\nWhen you're ready to pursue a mortgage, start with the bank where you have your checking and savings account. They can streamline the process because they have access to your financial information. While legitimate mortgage companies do publish their rates, there is no guarantee that you will qualify for the best rate until they have reviewed your credit score, salary, and down payment information. Be aware that rates can change daily and even when you lock in a rate, other companies may offer lower rates. Once you begin the application process, switching companies will cost you both time and money. \n\nIf you decide to purchase a house, the contract usually gives you a limited amount of time to prove that you have financing in place. Therefore, it's important to start the process before choosing a house. Determine the maximum monthly payment you can afford, which will be based on the rate and down payment, to determine the maximum house you can buy. While credit unions may be competitive, there is no guarantee that yours will offer the most competitive rates. Consider not only rates but also customer service and whether the mortgage will be sold to out-of-town investors."}
{"2406": "\n\nAfter the initial public offering, a company has two options for raising more funds: selling additional stock (equity financing) or selling debt (e.g. borrowing money). If a company's stock price is high, equity financing can be obtained on more favorable terms. However, when companies raise funds through equity financing, new shares are created and shareholders' ownership is diluted, resulting in an increase in the number of outstanding shares. Alternatively, a company can return money to shareholders through share repurchase. It is beneficial for companies to repurchase shares when their stock price is low. Unfortunately, \"American companies have a terrible track record of buying their own shares high and selling them low.\" As the stock price increases, the management of a company can justify receiving larger pay packages, as their stock options become more valuable."}
{"2407": "\n\nThe third and fourth results on the Google search for \"quarterly and annual financial report calendar\" provide useful links for obtaining information about earnings reports. The third link takes the user to Bloomberg.com's earnings calendar for the United States. The fourth link directs the user to finance.yahoo.com's calendar for earnings reports. These resources are valuable for investors and financial analysts who need to stay up-to-date on financial news and earnings reports."}
{"2408": "\n\nI cannot speak with authority on the broader question of stocks; however, having closely monitored AAPL for several years, I can share that their earnings call dates and announcements are unpredictable. Nonetheless, I do know that AAPL's calls tend to occur on Tuesdays and are usually announced approximately a month beforehand. It occurs somewhere in the third week of the new quarter with some variation. \n\nRegarding the impact of the announcement of an earnings call date on option prices, it would only affect options that expire within the \"grey area\" (~2 weeks) during which the call might occur. Options expiring outside that period should experience little to no price movement unless the date is surprising (earlier or later than expected).\n\nThe exact date of the earnings call will always remain a mystery; however, it is influenced by factors such as historical patterns of earnings call dates and announcements, the end of the quarter, the company's book-closing process, and any unique circumstances that may affect the reporting ability of the company.\n\nFinally, a delayed earnings call could imply negative financial results and trigger a disproportionate rise in IVs/prices due to fear."}
{"2409": "\n\nRevised: Buildings with no income typically have minimal expenses, such as negligible costs for heating, electricity, and water. Owners might allow the value of the building to depreciate and reduce their tax liability. Additionally, the building's condition may be poor, and revitalizing it would likely be very costly. To address this issue, some cities increase the tax rate for empty buildings or vacant lots, or set the property's value based on its potential revenue. This strategy is sometimes restricted to specific areas to encourage development. Conversely, cities may offer tax incentives to homeowners who use their property as their primary residence."}
{"2410": "\n\nThe correct approach is to crunch the numbers and determine if the savings in interest outweigh the closing costs by a significant amount. Many lenders offer online calculators to assist with this process, and are also willing to provide assistance upon request. As a general guideline, if you can lower your interest rate by 1% or more, it is worth considering the investment."}
{"2411": "\n\nThe alteration in points or percentage from the last closing value is commonly known as \"change\" or \"movement\". You can gather detailed information about the ticker tape from Investopedia. The format that you mentioned is derived from there."}
{"2412": "\n\nThe relationship between volume and prices of a stock is dependent on the perception of investors and not directly linked. Analyzing this complex relationship is challenging, and traditional techniques may not be effective. Some believe that only full-time professionals can master the necessary strategies, but there is little evidence that their performance justifies their fees, especially when compared to index funds. For most investors, the best approach is to diversify their portfolio with low-cost index funds and avoid attempting to beat the market. It's better to go with the flow rather than take unnecessary risks."}
{"2413": "\n\nRevised: One important factor to consider is the opportunity cost. For instance, if you spend $1000 to obtain a 0.25% discount on your loan, it could save you around $2000 over N number of years, resulting in a profit of $1000. However, if you invested that same $1000 instead, would you earn more than $2000 over the same period? While it's difficult to determine, you can make some informed guesses by comparing potential returns from CD or treasury bonds or by looking at the average returns of an index fund over a 5 - 10 year period. \n\nAs an illustration of this opportunity cost, suppose you have a $200,000 loan at 0.25% per year, which results in $500 in savings. However, after spending $1000 to obtain the point, you are left with a $4000 profit over 10 years. Conversely, if you had invested that initial $1000 in the Dow Jones industrial average index fund from 2007 to 2017, with dividends reinvested, you would have seen a total return of 111%, resulting in $2110. While these numbers may not be entirely accurate, it seems likely that purchasing points could be a wise investment choice for those planning to stay in their homes for more than a decade."}
{"2414": "\n\nYou have posed two questions which require separate responses: Q1 concerns the potential dissolution of the Euro and whether purchasing physical gold is a sensible response. Q2 refers to the appropriate size to buy physical gold. It might be more helpful to ask about the correct asset allocation, rather than asking about each individual item. This will prevent you from receiving incomplete or conflicting answers. Without knowledge of your specific case, a reasonable amount of gold to hold might be between 5 and 25 percent. If you are worried about market and government instability, you may find Harry Browne's Permanent Portfolio helpful- it contains equal parts of stocks, bonds, cash, and gold. In response to Q2, one-ounce bullion (about 10x10x5mm, 30g) is a wise choice for size and monetary granularity, currently priced at approximately $1,700. I do not recommend purchasing $50 pieces of gold; instead, you should purchase your desired number of ounces of physical gold."}
{"2415": "\n\nMerrill charges a flat fee of $500 to purchase securities that are untraded or considered worthless. In my particular case, I have an OTC stock which was utilized for a microcap scam by its management, leading to a class action lawsuit. However, the company is still listed on OTC and I am left with thousands of shares, unaware of the court decision."}
{"2416": "\n\nIn addition to mhoran_psprep's excellent answer, I would like to discuss a few additional factors. Insurance is crucial for many of the jobs you've mentioned, and typically requires additional coverage that allows you to drive for profit. It's important to ensure that anyone you rent to has this type of insurance, as failure to do so could leave you liable and without coverage. Additionally, it's worth noting the cautionary tale of \"Quebec Uber drivers have cars seized, fined up to $7,500.\""}
{"2417": "\n\nThe credit card company has control over how they report your available balance, which can be a disadvantage of having a no-limit credit card. The Motley Fool, a finance and investment organization, notes that 30% of your credit score is based on the amount of money borrowed and the limit on your current credit cards. With a no-limit credit card, the company may report your limit as $0 if you have not used the card or report the maximum limit available to you. They are not obligated to report when you have put a lot of expenses on the card and paid them off. Some companies may report timely payments and paid off amounts, while others may report an extremely low limit. It is important to check with the credit card company to understand how they report payments and limits before obtaining a no-limit credit card. Otherwise, people who are diligent about paying off their cards may suffer major losses to their credit score without realizing it, if their spending ability is rated at zero or their payments don't count toward showing their creditworthiness."}
{"2418": "\n\nAll margins are marked to market. Long option positions are exempt from posting margin due to the prohibition on long margin trading. However, equity longs are required to post margin when cash is borrowed to fund the purchase. On the other hand, all short positions must post margin at similar rates, generally a few standard deviations away from the mean daily change of the underlying. In the case of currency futures, the volatility of major currencies is generally low, which allows traders to get away with a few percentage points. For commodities, the margin can get as high as 10%, while single equities frequently require margin of around 20%. Indices, on the other hand, require margin of around 10%. Futures are a unique case because both sides are technically short and long simultaneously. A currency future is the easiest example to grasp as it can be hard to determine which party is the buyer or seller. However, both parties legally and contractually hold liability to each other, and both must take ownership of the contract. For non-currency assets, it may seem like the cash seller is the buyer, but in reality, the \"long\" is obligated to sell cash and purchase the asset."}
{"2419": "\n\nTo better explain the reason for this rule of thumb, it's important to understand what happens when the P/E ratio changes. If the P/E ratio increases, it means that the stock has become pricier in relative terms. For example, if the price of the stock increases but the earnings stay the same, you're now paying more for each cent of earnings than you previously were. Conversely, if the earnings decrease but the price remains the same, you're now paying the same price for less earnings. \n\nConsidering this, when earnings increase, and the price of the stock stays the same, the stock becomes relatively cheaper because you're now getting more earnings for the same price. However, all else equal, one would expect the price of the stock to increase in proportion to the earnings growth. Therefore, if a stock's P/E ratio is growing faster than its earnings, it is becoming more expensive because you're paying more per cent of earnings. On the other hand, if the P/E ratio is growing more slowly than earnings, it's becoming cheaper because you're paying less per cent of earnings. \n\nLastly, if a stock's P/E ratio is growing at the same rate as its earnings, its relative valuation remains the same. Although the actual price of the stock may increase, you're still paying the same amount for each cent of the underlying company's earnings."}
{"2420": "\n\nMost businesses will require a bank-issued check for large transactions. However, there are exceptions, such as when making a deposit on a new house. In such cases, you can safely write a 50,000 check without any issue. On the other hand, a car dealership may require a counter check for a similar amount."}
{"2421": "\n\nI would suggest creating a new category for disputed charges and transferring the amount there. This new category can be set up as an account instead of an income or expenses category. By doing this, you can easily reconcile your account and keep track of any disputes."}
{"2422": "\n\nThe statement transaction day's SELL rate is subject to currency conversion fees ranging from 0 to 3%, contingent on the card issuing bank."}
{"2423": "\n\nYes, investors may be encouraged to buy a stock upon learning that it will pay a dividend. It would be intriguing to examine the correlation between a company's dividend payouts and its market value over a 10-year period to determine the extent of this impact."}
{"2424": "\n\n\"Actually, that's a surefire way to go bankrupt quickly. While you could potentially experience a windfall through lottery winnings, gambling, saving or investing wisely, or marrying into powerful families like the Kennedys or Bushes, these are risky and unreliable paths to wealth. While starting a successful business is certainly a viable option for becoming a millionaire, it is by no means the sole route to financial success.\""}
{"2425": "\n\nThere are numerous credit unions that are insured by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) under the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF), as opposed to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Both provide coverage for individual accounts up to $250,000. If you are seeking significant returns on your money, you may wish to consider opening a brokerage account insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). With SIPC insured accounts, you are protected against broker failure (not against investment losses resulting from poor choices). SPIC insurance covers losses up to $500,000 in the event of an insolvent broker. While you have expressed no interest in pursuing alternative investment options, I am unaware of any uninsured accounts offering larger interest rates than insured accounts. Additionally, it seems like you may benefit from a Stable Value Fund, which aligns with your stated objectives."}
{"2426": "I am a Finance major from Finland, and this is how it works here: \nWhen you lend money to a company, it acquires an asset and liability despite no income. The company then uses the borrowed money to pay its bills, leading to expenses that accumulate until the end of the accounting period when they are recorded. These expenses are then paid out of the gained asset and do not affect the liability. If the company makes a profit, it becomes taxable; however, this taxable amount is deducted from the tax reserve accumulated over the past ten years of losses. When the company repays the loan, it is split into two parts: principal and interest. The principal payment reduces the company's liability, and there are no tax implications, but the interest payment reduces taxes. The loan's impact on an individual's finances only occurs when the interest payment is received, which is taxable income. As long as proper documentation is maintained throughout the loan's duration, repaying it should not pose any issues."}
{"2427": "\n\nThe tax rules that apply to your pension income depend on the specific places where you stay, such as countries or states. Each state has its own rules, where some may tax pension payments as income, while others may not. In determining residency, some states have a minimum number of presence days, which can vary from state to state but is usually around 60 days in a calendar year. The location of your mailbox or mail handling service is not as important as the possibility of owing taxes in more than one place. Some states let you offset taxes from other states against theirs. A few states in the US have strict income tax policies; for instance, owning real estate in New York makes all your income taxable in that state. Unfortunately, there's no overarching US regulation; each state determines who qualifies as a resident and how taxes apply. In some cases, you may be considered a resident of multiple states and owe income taxes in each. However, you may also fail to fulfill the criteria for residency in any state, even those without income taxes. Oklahoma, for instance, considers you a resident until you establish residency elsewhere, as @Jay's answer noted."}
{"2428": "\n\nInflation can be a misleading economic indicator because it is based on the change in prices of only essential goods rather than everything in the economy. Furthermore, it is influenced by various factors, such as the supply of money, the number of goods exchanged, and the supply of credit. This means that rising prices may not necessarily indicate an actual shortage, as it could be due to monetary expansion. For example, the total money supply in the USA has doubled every decade since the 1970s, which means that even with low inflation, cash holdings are losing value due to the increased money supply. \n\nWhile inflation does not factor in shares, the majority of the increased money supply is going into the stock market, which causes the value of individual cash holdings to decrease. Hence, while the inflation rate may not change, the reduced value of money is evident when the quantity of shares that can be purchased now is compared to the past. The credit supply is another factor that can influence the price level, making it a wildcard in the mix."}
{"2429": "\n\nVictor, while the drop in price may seem to cancel out the dividend at first, there are other factors that come into play. Dividends are not pointless, as proven by the following example: Let's say we have two identical stocks, but only one pays a 2% annual dividend quarterly. At the end of the year, the dividend stock would be expected to have a share price 2% lower than the non-dividend stock. However, an equal investment in both would yield the same amount of money. In the real market, an analysis comparing Vanguard's S&P 500 ETF (VOO) closing price to the S&P 500 Index closing price from September 9, 2010 to 2014 shows that, despite paying a quarterly dividend of about 2% a year, VOO's share price actually grew more than the S&P each year except for 2012 to 2013. Over the entire 4-year period, the VOO share price grew 80.3987% compared to S&P's growth of 80.083%, a difference of 1/3 of 1% in favor of VOO. Although VOO drops about 1/2% relative to S&P on every ex date, it still manages to make it up. This data suggests that dividends can actually be considered free money, since other factors such as supply and demand also affect VOO's performance. This observation is supported by StockCharts.com, which shows VOO's growth at 105% over the past 1244 days compared to the S&P 500's growth of 90%."}
{"2430": "\n\nI have an account with ETrade and recently received a notice offering the opportunity to potentially invest in an upcoming IPO at the IPO price. While Charles Schwab may not offer the same opportunity, it's possible for retail investors to find ways to invest. However, it's important to note that this was not a direct offer to participate, and there were various securities-law disclaimers in place. The notice stated that the Web site was not an offer to sell or buy the securities and that a prospectus was required for participation."}
{"2431": "\n\n\nI reached out to Vanguard Canada and Barclays in search of historical data, but unfortunately, I was unable to find any. Vanguard informed me that while historical information is available from the inception of the fund, the only existing data on historical returns can be found in the link provided in my original question. Furthermore, Vanguard shared a link to the methodology used by Barclays when constructing this index, which may be of interest to you. As for Barclays, I have yet to receive a response, but it is likely that even if they have collected data on Canadian bonds prior to the inception of the index, it may not have been aggregated into an index before their agreement with Vanguard. Additionally, any historical data amassed by Barclays prior to the inception of the index may be proprietary and not freely available."}
{"2432": "\n\nYes, there exists a comparable approach for selling, which involves selling a set amount of shares within a specified time frame."}
{"2433": "\n\nUpon careful consideration, my conclusion is that both cases require upfront payment before positions can be closed out. Owning nothing except the right to purchase stock is the case with a call, whereas the obligation to purchase stock is the case with a short. In buying a call, one must borrow stock and put up margin collateral, which incurs a borrowing cost that is paid by the buyer. However, I would not classify this as lending."}
{"2434": "\n\nRevised: Start by assessing your earnings and spending habits, and consider the impact of having children on your finances. If one of you plans to stay at home, factor in the cost of daycare for the first few months. When it comes to homeownership, bear in mind that the expenses associated with owning a house can be much higher than those of an apartment. Determine how much you can set aside for a down payment, taking into account changes in your income once you have children. If you\u2019re not ready to buy yet but want to take advantage of low interest rates, consider a \u201cBausparvertrag\u201d, a type of savings account designed for this purpose. You contribute to it until you reach a set savings goal, at which point you can take out a loan. Remember to factor in the cost of raising children and the impact on your income. To determine how much house you can afford, use online calculators, but be aware that they may overestimate rent increases to encourage buying. Try running the calculation with a 0% rent increase. Research houses that meet your criteria, and start visiting them in person to practice looking for features and dealing with potential issues. Consider hiring a building inspector to help you estimate the cost of renovations for an existing house or to examine the construction work for a new one."}
{"2435": "\n\nIf you reside in the US (regardless of citizenship), you are required to pay capital gains taxes on any capital gains, including interest earned from assets held abroad (such as a savings account). Additionally, you must disclose all foreign bank accounts per the regulations outlined in FATCA (https://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/foreign-account-tax-compliance-act-fatca)."}
{"2436": "\n\nWhen operating as a limited company, you will need to pay yourself a salary through PAYE. If your income from other employment pushes you above the higher-rate threshold, you should inform HMRC and request a tax code of DO for your second job. This means that 40% tax, along with employer's and employee's National Insurance, will be deducted from your entire salary. You can find more information about tax codes here. As for dividends, you will not have to pay extra tax when receiving them, but you must declare them on your tax return and pay tax at a later stage. The first \u00a35,000 of dividends are tax-free, but they still count towards your income for the purpose of the higher-rate threshold. The remaining dividends will be taxed at 32.5%. It's worth noting that you must pay yourself at least the minimum wage as salary, not through dividends. It is unlikely that IR35 will be an issue, but it's recommended that you seek professional advice from an accountant or tax advisor as this situation is complex."}
{"2437": "\n\nMortgages that have a prepayment penalty typically do not require payment of points upon issuance. Points are typically 1%-3% of the borrowed amount and are paid from the buyer's funds at settlement, effectively serving as the prepayment penalty. Some areas, 30 years ago, gave buyers the option to pay points to receive a lower interest rate, or to accept a higher interest rate for no points and a prepayment penalty. This third option was only beneficial if the buyer was confident the mortgage would be paid off in a short time, as the higher interest rate charged for a few years would not make much of a difference. However, holding onto the mortgage for the full term in this scenario would have been a poor choice. It is unknown if all three options are still available in today's mortgage market. \n\nFor tax purposes, the IRS treats points paid for original mortgages differently than points paid for refinanced mortgages. Points paid on an original mortgage are deductible as mortgage interest in the year paid, while points paid on a refinance must be amortized over the life of the loan. This means the mortgage interest deduction is the sum of the interest paid in the monthly payments plus a fraction of the points paid for the refinance. The undeducted portion of the points is deducted when the mortgage is paid off early or refinanced again. Prepayment penalties are also deductible as mortgage interest in the year of the prepayment."}
{"2438": "\n\nWhile getting an LLC or EIN is an option, it is not mandatory. Your friend can fill out a schedule-C addition to the 1040 and file as a sole-proprietor on her or your joint taxes. Any income or losses will be included in your current income situation, such as W-2's. The only requirement for this is the intent to treat it as a business, and the overall goal of earning a profit. If deducting expenses is not currently being done, this can be an opportunity to offset the income with legitimate expenses mentioned. There is no \"2% AGI\" restriction for schedule-C."}
{"2439": "\n\nRevised: While making a payment of any amount is generally legal, the particular circumstances do matter, and it's worth noting that I'm not qualified to provide legal advice. I must include this disclaimer not because I sense an issue, but because it's impossible to provide a conclusive answer to a legal inquiry in a specific situation on Stack Exchange. It's important to note that the government will have some involvement in this matter in two ways. Firstly, as part of anti-money laundering laws, banks are required to report all transactions above a certain limit, typically $10,000. When paying through a check or similar means, this obligation is fulfilled without your intervention. However, if making a cash payment, you may need to complete certain forms. Secondly, Edward Snowden disclosed that the government also accessed banking networks, leading to the recording of nearly all transactions, regardless of whether they need to be reported."}
{"2440": "\n\nAfter reading mirage007's answer, it seems like a reliable solution if you plan on creating a new system from scratch. However, since you mentioned that you already have a stock tracking system in place, it might be more convenient to use that instead. Your current system should be able to handle most of the necessary tasks, except for when you need to connect the option with the underlying asset in your accounting processes. Apart from that specific circumstance, the option will operate similarly to a stock within your accounting system. Keep in mind that even though it behaves differently in the market, it is still a good idea to manage the risk involved outside of your double-entry accounting system."}
{"2441": "\n\nAfter speaking with HMRC, I have learned that they do not permit #1 but do allow #2. They have recommended using their published exchange rates, or alternatively, finding another reliable source. When I proposed using the Bank of England's spot rates, they deemed it to be a reasonable and acceptable option."}
{"2442": "\n\nThe allowance for entering stocks at 50% varies depending on the stock in question. Generally, brokerages permit you to short twice the cash on hand that you possess. To continue trading, you need to maintain a minimum of 30% in your account. So, for instance, if you short $10,000, you must have at least $3,000 in your account. Suppose you have $5,000 in cash. In that case, you may short $10,000 worth of securities, such as 100 shares of xyz at $100 per share. It is unlikely that you will receive a margin call until your account balance dips to $3,000, which may happen when xyz climbs to $120 per share. High-risk stocks, such as leveraged vehicles like FAS/FAZ (triple leveraged), have higher margin maintenance requirements. If they are permitted to be shorted at all, they often require a 90% margin (3x30%)."}
{"2443": "\n\nI believe that when a homeowner requests cash as payment for their property, they are seeking a purchaser who is able to provide immediate payment without having to rely on a mortgage and the time-consuming process that entails. While cash may refer to a certified check, it does not necessarily mean physical currency being exchanged in a suitcase."}
{"2444": "\n\nWill having a lower credit limit impact my ability to get a future mortgage negatively, despite the fact that I won't exceed it? This could potentially increase your credit utilization, which is the percentage of your total available credit that you use at any given time. As your total available credit decreases and the amount of credit you use stays the same, your utilization rate will increase. Ideally, individuals in the United States want to maintain a utilization rate between 8% to 30%. Therefore, if this change increases your utilization rate, it could harm your credit score. However, if your utilization rate is currently low, it may not be impacted negatively. Although the rules in the United Kingdom may differ, a utilization rate of 22% is acceptable, assuming you have no other debt. A utilization rate of 17% or lower may be more favorable. If possible, it may be advantageous to request that your credit limit remains the same by contacting your credit provider."}
{"2445": "\n\nWhen processing credit or debit card transactions, companies have the option to choose between Authorization/Capture and Sale methods. For online transactions that require the delivery of goods, companies are expected to start with an Authorization, which signals the bank to mark the funds but not transfer them. Once the company ships the goods, they send a Capture command to transfer the funds. There may be a time delay of up to 3 days or longer.\n\nThe Sale method is typically used for online transactions where the service is delivered immediately or for point of sale transactions made in person at a store. This method combines both Authorization and Capture into a single step.\n\nHowever, not all systems have the same requirements, and it is common for people playing online games to accidentally authorize funds to be transferred from their bank. Processing refunds can be expensive, so companies may choose to only perform an Authorization and never issue a Capture. This means it's as if the transaction never occurred, and the costs to the company are much lower.\n\nIn cases of suspected fraud or unauthorized transactions, it would be in the company's interest to authorize the transaction, apply the credits to the account, and then wait a few days before capturing the funds from the bank. Depending on the wait time, the bank may have rolled back the authorization. When it is time for the company to capture, they can reissue it as a Sale.\n\nThis practice is common not only in online games but also in other areas where fraud may occur, such as with gas purchases."}
{"2446": "\n\nRevised: In about six to twelve months, you can significantly improve your car loan refinance interest rates. It is important to ensure that your new credit card has been reported to the credit agencies and that the credit-to-debt ratio on your revolving accounts is less than 30%. Therefore, avoid carrying high balances, even if you have a 0% APR."}
{"2447": "\n\nThe belief is that incorporating reduces the risk of being deemed an employee by Revenue Canada, which would require the employer to pay taxes, EI, CPP, and other withholdings that should have been paid if the individual had been hired as an employee. As far as I recall, the employer is responsible for both the employee and employer share of those withholdings, with the employer's share typically being larger. Although there is no mention of incorporation in the Revenue Canada publication on employee status, employers still feel more secure when their contracts are incorporated. At the outset of our work, we operated as a sole proprietorship to write off our losses against earlier employment income. We later incorporated once we bought the necessary equipment and office supplies. Incorporation is a straightforward and relatively inexpensive process that provides clients with a sense of security. However, as a director of the company, you are not protected from your own poor judgment."}
{"2448": "\n\nRevised: Calculating a bond's duration is straightforward, as it is determined by the weighted average of all payments received. It is an important measure for understanding the impact of rate changes on this investment. In contrast, the duration of a stock is a construct used in equations to determine factors such as the total value of a dividend stream. While the duration of a bond can be precisely calculated, the duration of a stock is less certain. It is impossible to predict whether companies like J&J or Apple will last 50 more years, which makes it difficult to determine the duration of their stocks."}
{"2449": "\n\nAccording to the FAQ published by the state of Delaware, your annual filing fees will be determined by your company's income. Additionally, if you choose to file for an LLC in Delaware instead of a corporation, your annual tax will be $300. Some commenters have suggested exploring your home state or other states before making a decision. Though Delaware is frequently used for incorporation, if your business is very small or just starting out, it may be more cost-effective and advantageous to incorporate in your home state."}
{"2450": "\n\nYou can use several financial APIs, including Yahoo finance, to obtain the prices of reference stock and bond index funds. This method is a reasonable approximation of the market performance within a specific time frame. To obtain inflation data, a simple Google search for \"monthly inflation data\" provides two pages of reliable figures that span back to 1914. If you wish to validate these numbers, you can visit the BLS as the source. If you are looking for existing analysis, it is unclear what you mean, but it is unnecessary to conduct extensive analysis to demonstrate that stock returns vary across different periods."}
{"2451": "\n\nCredit card checks are essentially blank checks that your credit card company provides you with. These checks are cash advances on your credit card account and should only be used when necessary. It's vital to remember that cash advances on your credit card typically have additional fees and finance charges beyond regular credit card transactions. \nWhen you take a credit card check to your bank to deposit, the waiting period before the funds become available is entirely up to the bank's policy. Their primary concern is to ensure that the check is legitimate and will be honored. If your bank teller cannot answer this question, you should seek out someone at the bank who can. If you are dissatisfied with the answer provided, finding another bank is an option.\nIt is reasonable to expect that if you have a Chase credit card and are depositing a credit card check into a Chase checking account, the process should be instantaneous. However, bank policies are not always logical."}
{"2452": "\n\nI have discovered a reliable system for retirement planning. Firstly, it is necessary to calculate the amount of money needed to cover yearly withdrawals during retirement while still earning interest. I was unable to determine this figure using an equation, but I found a javascript code that worked: \"yearsToLast\" represents the number of years of yearly withdrawals, \"yearlyWithdrawal\" is the amount to be withdrawn annually, and \"interest\" is the decimal form of yearly compounding interest. Once we have obtained the amount required at the beginning of retirement, we can use the following formula to determine the yearly contribution required to meet this goal: \"amount\" represents the previously calculated target amount, \"interest\" is the decimal form of yearly compounding interest and \"yearsSaving\" represents the number of years until the target amount needs to be reached. I hope this information proves helpful to others seeking to plan for retirement, as I was unable to find any clear guidance on this topic. Best regards, Max."}
{"2453": "\n\nIt seems that you and your partner are not truly \"equal\" partners as you have different interests with varying values based on individual performances. The TurboTax advice offered is basic and meant for entities that do not track partners' interests based on inputs. The IRC \u00a7 704(a) dictates that a partner's distributive share is determined by the partnership agreement, and \u00a7 704(b) establishes that in the absence of such an allocation, it is determined by the partner's stake in the partnership. However, \u00a7 704(b)(2) prohibits blatant tax manipulation in the partnership agreement."}
{"2454": "\n\nConsider shorting home builders with significant business operations in Northern California, not just limited to San Francisco, Silicon Valley, or the Bay Area. The housing market in Sacramento and the northern San Joaquin Valley is closely linked to Bay Area home prices. However, since many of these builders went bankrupt during the previous bust, finding a publicly-traded builder focused only on one market could pose difficulties."}
{"2455": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThe UK has a long-standing tradition of having an open and progressive financial system, with roots from the Dutch influence and acquisitions by conquest. This system allows for nearly anyone to invest in the UK with ease, and UK citizens have virtually no limitations on where they can invest. They can choose to open an investment account in the US, which may involve paperwork complications or opt for a local account with access to global markets and minimal paperwork. Interactive Brokers is a notable UK broker with the lowest costs, but it's important to note that they apply a minimum fee if you don't trade enough, and their minimum opening balance can be too high for some investors. Also, if you invest in US products, you need to file your W-8BEN."}
{"2456": "\n\nAccording to a BBC article, Nuclear Power Notes were introduced when EDF acquired British Energy in 2008. These notes vary in value depending on wholesale energy prices and power output levels from the British Energy nuclear stations. The EDF Energy website provides a detailed explanation of these notes, indicating that they were issued to British Energy shareholders who chose to take them instead of 74 pence of cash per share held when EDF acquired British Energy in 2009. The Nuclear Power Notes are ten-year financial instruments (2009-2019) that provide the ex-British Energy shareholders with a continuous interest in the \"EDF Energy Nuclear Generation Fleet.\" These notes are traded on the ICAP Securities & Derivatives Exchange.\n\nThe calculation of whether any cash will be paid to Nuclear Power Note holders is carried out annually based on the nuclear output of the EDF Energy Nuclear Generation Fleet (\"Eligible Nuclear Output\") and market power prices (\"Power Prices\"). The figure for these calculations- MWh/TWh- indicates the energy output of the nuclear plants, which is the foundation of the Nuclear Power Notes value. \n\nHowever, there might be confusion about the relationship between this and the shareholders' payment. According to the yearly payment calculation notices, between 2009 and 2012, shareholders received no payments. Still, the 2009 calculation notice stated that shareholders would receive 11.497164 pence per share held for the period 1 January 2009 to 31 December 2009, paid on 31 January 2010. The Nuclear Power Notes are technically referred to as Contingent Value Rights (CVR) instruments, which are derivatives associated with the Nuclear Power Notes. Barclays Bank issued these notes, and the bank makes yearly payments to noteholders for ten years, limited to the corresponding amount paid by Lake Acquisitions to Barclays for the Lake CVRs. \n\nIn summary, the derivatives' chain of payments, which links back to nuclear energy output, involves Nuclear Power Notes, Contingent Value Rights (CVR), Barclays Bank, and EDF Energy."}
{"2457": "\n\n\nI want to clarify that I am not an active investor in Australia, and therefore, you should seek advice and mentorship from other investors in your market. Nonetheless, since you are here, I can offer some generalized advice. When it comes to investing in real estate, there are two main rules of thumb to assess quickly whether the property is a worthy investment or not. These are the 50% rule and the 2% (or 1%) rule.\n\nThe 50% rule states that, in general, 50% of the income from the property will go towards expenses, not including debt service. For instance, if you are earning $1000 a month, $500 of that should go towards utilities, taxes, repairs, capital expenditures, advertising, lawn care, and other relevant expenses. This leaves $500 to pay the mortgage, and if there is any remaining amount, that can be considered cash flow. Since this is your first property, and it is situated in a \"relatively bad neighborhood,\" it would be advisable to increase the percentage to 60% to guarantee that you have some cushion.\n\nThe 1 or 2% rule states that the monthly rent should be 1 (or 2) percent of the purchase price. In your case, the house is bought for $150,000, so if it rents for $1,500 a month, it could be a good investment. However, if it rents for $3,000 a month, then it is probably an excellent investment. Other factors need to be considered as well - if a property meets the 2% rule, it could be in a rough neighborhood, which might increase turnover, the most significant expense in an investment property. If a property meets one or both of these rules, you should scrutinize it further and conduct proper due diligence to ascertain that it is a good deal. Note that these guidelines may have to be modified to suit your particular market. For instance, they may not hold true for most (or all) big cities."}
{"2458": "\n\nNo, think about the nightmare scenario. If a large number of shares were issued and sold to different individuals, each of them might sell partial numbers of the shares to others, resulting in multiple orders for the same shares. This could create chaos and confusion. If we were to issue a share certificate with the IDs of these shares, the fragmentation would be so significant that it would result in almost as many fragments as the initial number of shares issued. For example, a certificate with 100K shares could consist of almost as many fragments. Consider a share certificate with 70K IDs/ranges, it would be overwhelming!"}
{"2459": "\n\nIn Italy, owning garages is generally a lucrative business, despite taxes that exceed 50% of income. As you pointed out, it\u2019s like \"making money while you sleep\" because there\u2019s minimal maintenance involved. Additionally, garages made of real concrete (and not wood as in the US) can last over 50 years, requiring only repainting every 20 years and metal door replacement every 30 years. After 20 years, you can expect the garage's value to appreciate (at least due to inflation since concrete and labour costs will rise over time). However, before buying a garage, it's important to ensure that it's located in a high-demand area for rentals. This is prevalent in downtown areas of Italian cities, which were built before the advent of cars and have limited parking options available."}
{"2460": "\n\nAlthough this isn't my area of expertise, my understanding is that static data refers to all the non-real-time information related to hedge funds' business operations. The website cited provides an example of this comprehensive static data, including records of assets, depositories, accounts, settlement instructions, and various supporting data."}
{"2461": "\n\nWhat are the benefits of this approach? When purchasing a house with a mortgage, the bank places a lien on the property, making it the collateral. Therefore, it is unclear why you would require additional or alternative collateral. Using the house as a down payment would necessitate giving it to the seller or selling it and giving them the funds. This option makes sense only if the house is entirely yours and you have no purpose for it after purchasing the second property. This is typically what people do when buying a new house, selling the old one, and using the money as a down payment on the new one. However, what would happen to the co-owner in this situation? Are they moving with you to the new property? The only feasible scenario would be to obtain a home equity loan against the initial property and utilize that as the down payment on the second property. This option might help you avoid the expense of mortgage insurance. If you decide to go with DanielAnderson's suggestion of a home equity loan, the bank would almost certainly require the signature of the co-owner. In the event of a loan default, the bank could seize and sell the house, providing the co-owner with a share of the money. A bank would be unlikely to pursue a scenario where they own half of the house but are forbidden from selling it without the co-owner's permission. They are typically not in the rental business. In the event of a default, the co-owner may be required to leave the property. I am uncertain who the co-owner is or the potential difficulties they may face. It appears to be an uncomfortable predicament to put the co-owner in."}
{"2462": "\n\nThere is a delay in the ownership of stocks that one has purchased, known as the settlement period. In the US equity market, the settlement period is T+2, while other markets have varying settlement periods. This implies that one does not become a shareholder of record until two business days following the purchase. Similarly, when one sells, they cease being a shareholder of record until two business days have elapsed. It is expected that in the future, all public markets will adopt same-day ownership changes, making it unnecessary for companies to announce shareholders of record by specific dates. Instead, announcements will indicate shareholders of record, including the exact time of ownership change, such as \"all shareholders of record as of September 22nd at 13:00 UTC.\""}
{"2463": "\n\nGovernments aim to boost spending and investment in the economy by keeping real interest rates low. Investing or consuming leads to job creation, which in turn leads to further investments and spending. Saving money for the future is less incentivized due to low interest rates, making investing a more attractive option. Inflation-protected securities are a low-risk way to invest, though deflation may lead to poor returns. Investing in companies can bring higher returns, but also higher risks. Direct or indirect investment in the stock market is one way to do this, though corporate bonds offer lower risk with better returns than current interest rates. Investment-grade bonds are especially low-risk in today's economic climate, and exchange-traded funds can diversify the risks further. Take care to understand the risks of any investment, whether it's TIPS, bond investments, or any other product. Avoid anything that isn't fully understood."}
{"2464": "\n\nThe stock exchange in this context functions as a marketplace where existing shareholders can connect with potential buyers interested in purchasing their shares. It is important to note that this process is distinct from liquidation, which involves a transaction occurring between the company and its shareholders. Additionally, a company may distribute to its shareholders without having to be listed on an exchange."}
{"2465": "\n\nAlthough I typically agree with Phillip's advice to avoid lending money to family and friends, I made an exception for my sister. She was in dire need of cash, and my husband and I agreed that we could manage without it. Nevertheless, I developed several guidelines that may prove helpful to others. Firstly, lending to loved ones should not be done lightly and ought to be avoided. Secondly, clear and direct communication is essential. Lastly, keeping detailed records ensures that no misunderstandings arise in the future. By following these tips, one can assist a friend or family member while avoiding any potential awkwardness down the line."}
{"2466": "\n\nThe annualized volatility over a twenty-year period should be about the same as over a five-year period because the volatility scales proportionally for independent and identically distributed returns. To annualize the volatility for any number of monthly returns T, setting the annualization factor m = 12 is required. However, it is essential to note that scaling volatility in this manner is mathematically correct only if the underlying price model is driven by Geometric Brownian motion. This implies that prices are log normally distributed, and returns are normally distributed. Nevertheless, it is a well-known fact that when long-term volatility is estimated without changing the model, volatility tends to be overestimated. \n\nFor example, a demonstration shows that when we model 12,000 monthly returns with a mean of 3% and a standard deviation of 2%, the annualized volatility should be Sqrt(12) * 2 = 6.9282. If we calculate the annualized volatility for return sequences of different lengths, we can see that there is an inaccuracy for shorter sequences. The five-year sequence average is closest to the theoretically expected figure (6.9282). As the commenter noted, volatility is slightly overestimated when scaled over long periods. \n\nRegarding reinvesting returns, it does not significantly affect the volatility. For instance, comparing the Dow Jones Industrial Average Capital Returns (CR) versus Net Returns (NR), the return differences are somewhat smoothed, typically 0.1% each month and 0.25% every third month. However, more erratic dividend reinvestment could increase the volatility."}
{"2467": "\n\nThe most crucial part of your question seems to be your concern about avoiding further mistakes. You mentioned having a co-signer with good credit who is willing to help you out, but let's be truthful--your bad credit did not happen without reason. You have a history of not meeting your financial obligations, and putting another person's credit on the line, even with their support, may result in compounding your current problem. This individual may have a heart of gold, but you need to question yourself if you are comfortable with endangering them by agreeing to back your debts. \n\nYou chose to buy an older vehicle with high mileage despite knowing its limited life expectancy and the inflated interest rate due to your poor credit \u2014 why do you think it will last only one more year? Many automobiles with higher mileage are still running well, and with regular maintenance, your truck could also last a long time. It appears that you're unhappy with both your vehicle and loan terms, although you didn't have issues with either when others trusted you with credit. You now see your co-signer's generous offer as a way out of your current frustrating situation. \n\nMy recommendation is to stick with your current loan, take good care of your truck to extend its life, and prove that you can manage your payments. Hopping from loan to loan won't help your credit score. The age of your accounts bears a significant weight on your credit, and opening another loan would drag down that average and negatively impact your score. You also can't predict if the next vehicle will fare better than your current one. Be wary of the \"grass is greener on the other side\" notion and tackle your circumstances head-on. Even if you encounter further difficulties, your friend may still be willing to assist you in the future. In the meanwhile, demonstrate that you're trying to be accountable by honoring your obligation."}
{"2468": "\n\nTo begin, it is recommended that you make a written complaint directly to the insurance company. There are two aspects to consider: Firstly, outline what was discussed when the policy was sold, highlighting any discrepancies in what you were told and the fact that commuting was not discussed. Request copies of any recordings that exist of the sales call. Secondly, provide details about the nature of the journey leading up to the accident, and explain why classifying it as \"commuting\" is inaccurate, unless it was part of a commute to work. Make sure to document any verbal communication, such as phone calls, and continue to do so as the process continues. If your complaint is not resolved through the insurance company's complaint process, the next step is to escalate to the Financial Ombudsman. This neutral adjudication service will review the case and provide their verdict. If the Ombudsman does not find in your favor, you do have the option to pursue legal action, but this can be expensive and requires significant effort with little chance of success. Note that the Ombudsman's decision does not directly count against you, but it may serve as an indication that your case is weak. Further information and guidance can be found at https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/en/articles/making-a-complaint-about-an-insurance-company."}
{"2469": "\n\nPlease keep in mind that a lot of checks are being cashed through scanner or photo-based processes. This can be done through various systems, including home-based, business-based, or ATM-based systems. The most important requirement is that the software needs to be able to identify and distinguish the written parts from the background parts of the check. However, if the image doesn't have enough contrast for edge detection, it becomes challenging to process the check with ease. In such cases, a human operator must look at the image and decode the transaction before processing it.\n\nAdditionally, it is worth noting that the images of checks being processed are not in color. Many businesses often scan the check and provide the original copy back to the customer after the point of sale system processes the image.\n\nAfter 2001, checks in the United States were no longer physically transported through the banking system; instead, only their images are moved around. With the increasing popularity of these image-based systems, in the future, we may not see many physical checks being seen by banks. Therefore, the color of the ink used to write the check becomes irrelevant as long as the final result is accurately processed."}
{"2470": "\n\nDiscounting premiums based on past history is not exclusive to auto policies; other insurers also offer discounts based on past claims history. However, they may not market these discounts as aggressively as auto insurers. For instance, life insurance is underwritten based on the applicant\u2019s health history, and underwriters may offer preferred rates based on a clear health history, which can be considered a \u201cdiscount based on healthy habits.\u201d Insurance policies across numerous lines use various underwriting criteria to determine rating classes. Just because auto insurers advertise specific discounts does not mean that similar discounts are not available on other types of coverage.\n\nMost states require auto rates and discounts to go through regulatory bodies for approval. Some regulatory agencies mandate specific discounts to be offered. Businesses seeking discounts may be able to negotiate with underwriters to secure better rates. While auto insurers can offer discounts, they are typically bound to the rate sheet approved by the relevant regulatory body. For those who may be skeptical, here is a link to a spreadsheet that outlines the allowable rating factor sheet related to auto insurance by the California Department of Insurance."}
{"2471": "\n\nI have not delved into the details, but it seems that the company has a dual listing in Hong Kong (where its main listing, ticker 700, is listed) and in the US (ticker TCTZF), along with an ADR (TCEHY) that corresponds to the HK line. The two US listings trade at almost identical prices and offer comparable returns; however, there is a significant contrast between them - TCTZF provides dividends in HKD, whereas TCEHY pays out dividends in USD. Depending on the account used to trade the stock, the latter may be more convenient. Furthermore, the ADR line is considerably more liquid."}
{"2472": "\n\nIt is not possible to prevent merchants from setting a recurring charge on purchases. In fact, Mastercard and Visa encourage the use of this feature and even offer beneficial rates. Unauthorized transactions of this nature cannot be stopped easily. Several methods such as charging expired cards or seeking the same type of card across different banks are utilized by merchants to locate valid credit cards for recurring charges. Virtual account numbers do not guarantee protection. The only solution is to close the account and switch to a different card type or issuer. However, recurring charges may still be permitted legally despite this precaution, leaving consumers vulnerable to credit card fraud. Occasionally, some credit card companies provide a \"stop recurring payment\" option, though customer service representatives are not usually aware of its availability. The most effective way to prevent these charges is to pay using a check or a PayPal one-time payment for invoices. Recurring credit card charges have become a significant issue for consumers, and credit card companies prefer to support merchants in these disputes."}
{"2473": "\n\nAfter conducting web research, reading the comments above, and calling BOA, I have summarized the information to the best of my knowledge. Zelle transfers are irreversible and final, which eliminates the risk of sending funds that do not exist, as mentioned by Jay earlier. I confirmed this with a BOA representative who stated that once a Zelle transfer is initiated and the receiving party has received the funds, it cannot be canceled. Additionally, funds are credited immediately to the receiving party's account. It is worth noting that the BOA representative I spoke to was not a Zelle representative and seemed unsure when answering my questions. For those looking to transfer large sums of money from potentially malicious users, I recommend verifying this information with Zelle or your personal bank directly, as Zelle is still a relatively new technology and contact information may be limited. I was unable to find a Zelle contact number for further questioning online."}
{"2474": "\n\nAssuming a breakdown in the financial system, where the supply of essential commodities and food is limited but political and administrative stability remains intact, and there is no threat to personal safety from physical attacks or chaotic situations. In this scenario, the best investment would be to acquire paddy fields, land, cows, chickens, and enough clothing, a secure dwelling, and a healthy lifestyle that enables self-sustenance through work for food. Additionally, one must possess virtue, management skills to engage people to work for survival, and to earn a profit based on one's moral code. This would ensure a fresh start towards establishing a new financial system."}
{"2475": "\n\nI am not entirely certain about reimbursement, so it is best to consult a tax adviser (CPA/EA licensed in your State) for more information. However, based on what I know, if you pay for your own insurance premiums, they are not deductible, and I believe reimbursements will not change that. Nevertheless, as a salaried employee, whether or not you are the business owner, your employer can enroll you in a group plan that covers only you. You will pay your portion through a pre-tax salary deduction, making it deductible. The employer's share is a legitimate business expense. This arrangement allows both the employee and the employer portions to be pre-tax, making the entire insurance cost pre-tax.\n\nIt's important to note that the option to enroll in a group plan must be made available to all employees. This means that any future employees you may hire must also be eligible for the same options you have. If you do not have plans to hire employees in the near future, then this point may not be relevant to you at the moment. However, as you continue to develop and expand your business, it is something to consider."}
{"2476": "\n\nLegally speaking, no other individual or entity is authorized to withdraw funds from your account. If you suspect that direct deposit websites have made unauthorized transactions, it's advisable to keep a close eye on your account activity and report any discrepancies promptly. However, it's highly unlikely for any reputable company to engage in such fraudulent behavior since they would face severe legal repercussions that could adversely impact their business operations far more than any potential financial gain from you."}
{"2477": "\n\nAccording to the criteria listed on the Wikipedia link you provided, Yahoo! Finance lists the rate for 20-year corporate AAA bonds as 3.30."}
{"2478": "\n\nI'm curious about the relationship between brokerage companies and exchanges. Do brokers only represent investors in trading on exchanges, or do they also buy and sell stocks for their own account as broker-dealer firms? Additionally, what are the pros and cons of trading on exchanges directly versus indirectly through brokers for individual investors? While direct trading may save costs and expenses paid to brokers, registration with the exchange can incur costs and may be limited. Some exchanges have websites for electronic trading, like NASDAQ and BATS. Can all stocks be found and traded on every exchange? It's possible for more popular stocks to be listed on multiple exchanges, but smaller companies may only be listed on one. Do you have any advice for choosing brokerage companies or exchanges? As a beginner, a discount broker is a good choice, while sophisticated investors may opt for full-service brokers. Your bank may also have a brokerage firm. As for exchanges, it depends on where you are trading. If you are in the US, stick with US exchanges, but check with your broker for other countries."}
{"2479": "\n\nFor the type of market neutrality you desire, which is free from crash risk, the best strategy is to use covered calls to hedge your shares when implied volatility is expensive, and puts when implied volatility is cheap, with nearest at the money expirations. It is important to note that relying solely on a put strategy can be very costly and should only be used with the longest-term options due to their high cost, which can reach many tens of percent per year. During a market crash, securities become almost perfectly correlated, which means that the market crash risk of one security is essentially equal to the market crash risk of the overall market. Therefore, hedging the security itself makes a position market neutral for crash risk. While this strategy will have intermittent opportunity cost risk in the form of slower returns during market expansion, it will pay for smaller losses during a crash. In the long run, this hedging strategy can lead to greater returns than the underlying's expected long run return with less volatility."}
{"2480": "\n\nIf you are open to using OFX or QIF files, many Canadian banks can provide data for periods beyond 90 days. These file formats are usually intended for import into local programs similar to Quicken, but they can also be parsed conveniently for your web application."}
{"2481": "\n\nRevision:  I realized I didn't consider the emergency fund aspect in my initial response. Therefore, the answer to \"How much money should I lock up in my savings account?\" is none, as you mentioned that you prefer having access to your funds during emergencies. Additionally, it's worth noting that bonds currently offer very low interest rates, so if you're looking to invest for five years, there may be better options available."}
{"2482": "\n\nConsider seeking out EU banks that operate branches in the US. Open an account with one of these banks and locate the corresponding SWIFT code for your US-based bank. Utilize the SWIFT US code to withdraw your funds."}
{"2483": "\n\nYour suggestion involves utilizing a \"covered call\" strategy, which is a sensible approach to speculating on the potential movement of the stock within a specific timeframe. Based on your assessment that the stock's volatility is not likely to cause it to reach the strike price before maturity to a greater extent than the market's prediction, it appears reasonable to go ahead and sell the call."}
{"2484": "\n\nThis issue is quite complex and will require the assistance of a professional to work through. To clarify, when the house was initially rented out, the value of the property should have been calculated for tax purposes. This figure was then utilized for depreciation of the property, which could become more complex depending on any capital improvements made on the property. Additionally, if the owner had owned previous houses, there may have been capital gains rolled over to this property, adding another level of complexity. Any capital improvements made while the house was rented out will also need to be addressed as they were also depreciated during their time in use. The recapture of depreciation will play a role in the calculation process. Due to the intricacies of this matter, it is important to consult a professional as the available information is not sufficient for a calculation to be made at this time."}
{"2485": "\n\nI classify Bitcoin as a hybrid as it serves both as a currency and a commodity. As a currency, it is widely accepted by e-businesses as a form of payment. However, it also has commodity-like characteristics as evidenced by its volatility and speculative nature, as seen in charts analyzing its performance."}
{"2486": "\n\nDo I need to pay taxes in India for this situation? As per Indian tax laws, you will still be considered a \"Resident Indian.\" Therefore, you are required to pay taxes on your global income regardless of whether you decide to transfer the earnings to India or keep them in the US. The generated income is taxable. Depending on your contract, if you are working as a freelancer, some expenses such as equipment purchases, stay, and entertainment costs are deductible from your income. Consult a professional CA to determine what expenses are eligible for deductions. Your remaining income, along with your other earnings, will be taxed based on the applicable tax brackets. Although there are certain exemptions for workers in the entertainment industry where such income is not taxable, this does not apply to your situation."}
{"2487": "\n\nIf your father is still capable of making financial decisions and signing contracts, there is a better option available. Consider having your father borrow against the equity of the home to finance the renovation. For instance, if the current value of the house is $400,000, he can borrow $100,000 to put towards the addition. As a result, the value of the house would increase to $500,000, with the same amount of equity as before, assuming the addition adds $100,000 of value to the house.\n\nWhen your father passes away, the mortgage will need to be repaid. If he has no other assets to be split between the two of you, you and your brother will need to contribute money to pay off the mortgage. To do this, your brother would receive $250, which represents half of the new value of the house. Out of that, he would need to give $50 to the bank to pay off the mortgage. You would also need to give $50 of your own money to the bank for the mortgage. In the end, your brother would be left with $200, which is the same amount he would inherit if the house remained unimproved. Meanwhile, you would be left with a $500,000 home, after spending $300,000 ($100,000 on the renovation and $200,000 to pay off the mortgage).\n\nHowever, if the renovation increases the value of the house by more or less than the amount spent, you and your brother would also share the profit or loss accordingly. If this is not desirable, a different agreement will be necessary. The advantage of the proposed approach is that only one appraisal would be required after your father's passing.\n\nIt should be noted that this plan does not consider the fact that you lived in your father's home without paying rent while serving as his caregiver. Some families may view this as a fair exchange, while others may believe that you should be compensated for your efforts. Alternatively, some may feel that you need to compensate your brother for your privileged living situation. It is essential to discuss these matters with your brother before making any decisions to ensure that everyone agrees on a fair plan."}
{"2488": "\n\nRevised: If you're looking to build a substantial amount of money, investing in mutual funds and ETFs may not be enough. Consider becoming an active investor if it suits your interests. One strategy is to purchase a commercial space, such as an office space, with a bank loan and then rent it out. This approach can provide a higher return than a standard savings account. You may be able to repay your financing within a few years and the overall return will be your net profit. Look into similar options to multiply your wealth."}
{"2489": "\n\nA better strategy is to buy stocks that do not pay dividends, typically growth stocks such as FB, GOOGL and others, for maximum tax efficiency. This way you avoid any dividend tax, though keep in mind that all your taxes will be paid when you retire at a theoretically lower tax rate (although this is a grey area). Another option worth considering is Robin Hood, which offers commission-free stock trading."}
{"2490": "\n\nI don't understand the logic behind this. Why withdraw money at a 3.25% interest rate (from the Heloc) to pay off a loan with a 3% interest rate (from the refi)? It would be wiser to transfer as much money as possible from the Heloc to the refi to obtain the lowest interest rate. If this results in a decreased monthly payment, it's recommended to continue paying the higher amount to reap the benefits."}
{"2491": "\n\nWhile technically legitimate, starter checks can cause trouble when you try to use them due to a common perception that those using them are more liable to bounce or cause problems. In the past, when checks were more commonly used, some vendors even refused to accept checks with low numbers. Nowadays, however, check printing is inexpensive, and by getting some printed, you can avoid the hassle associated with starter checks."}
{"2492": "\n\nI believe that reimbursement for moving expenses must be considered as income, regardless of when you receive it. I recommend classifying it as miscellaneous income and providing an explanation."}
{"2493": "\n\nMost readers are likely aware that an acronym is a newly created term comprised of the initial letters or parts of other words, such as NASA or NATO. However, fewer may recognize that an initialism is a subtype of acronym that is not pronounceable as a word and must instead be spelled out letter by letter, for example, FBI or UCLA. As quoted by Daily Writing Tips, CAGR is an initialism that should not be verbally pronounced."}
{"2494": "\n\nRevised: The underlying motive is to extract the highest possible payment from you while giving the impression of a swift resolution that won't cost you anything. Their goal is not to satisfy you but to profit from your situation."}
{"2495": "\n\nYahoo Finance is a reliable source for obtaining accurate closing prices. To access HP's historical data around the split date, please refer to this website. Please note that the open, high, and low prices from the day of the split may not be accurate. However, the closing price for HP on the day of the split was recorded at $26.96 USD, and this information is correct. On the following day, the closing price for HP had dropped significantly to $13.83 USD."}
{"2496": "\n\nIf an individual is not a U.S. citizen, lives, and works outside the U.S., any income they earn from a U.S. company or individual for services rendered is not considered as \"U.S. Source income\" by the IRS. Consequently, there won't be any need to concern oneself with withholding or providing any tax forms related to U.S. taxes. Please consult the IRS Publication 519 U.S. Tax Guide for Aliens for further information."}
{"2497": "\n\nRevised: According to Wikipedia, a hard money loan is a type of asset-based financing where a borrower receives funds secured by the value of a real estate property. Typically, hard money loans have higher interest rates than traditional commercial or residential property loans and are seldom offered by commercial banks or deposit institutions. Hard money loans share similarities with bridge loans, including lending criteria and borrower costs. However, the key difference is that bridge loans are intended for commercial or investment properties that may be transitioning and are not yet eligible for traditional financing, while hard money loans can refer not only to an asset-based loan with high interest rates, but also to a distressed financial position, such as mortgage arrears, bankruptcy, or foreclosure proceedings. It is worth noting that hard money loans are generally limited to real estate properties since they tend to be fixed and cannot be easily taken away, unlike high-value assets like diamonds or paintings."}
{"2498": "\n\nIt is indeed true that US-based companies are obligated to comply with the requirements set by the US government, which are monitored by the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC utilizes the EDGAR system to store all necessary reports. Through the publicly accessible EDGAR database, individuals can expeditiously research a company's financial details and operations by examining registration statements, prospectuses, and periodic reports filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Additionally, one can locate information about recent corporate occurrences not disclosed to investors but reported on Form 8-K. EDGAR also grants access to comment and response letters linked to filing disclosures reviewed by either the Division of Corporation Finance or the Division of Investment Management since August 1, 2004. On May 22, 2006, the Division of Corporation Finance and Investment Management started utilizing the EDGAR system to issue notifications of efficiency for Securities Act registration statements and post-effective amendments, except those that automatically become effective by law. Said notifications will be posted on the EDGAR system the morning following a conclusive filing. Furthermore, as noted by Grade 'Eh' Bacon, different countries' regulations may necessitate varying types of information to be disclosed publicly, primarily financial statements. One can locate a particular company's disclosed financial statements by visiting either the relevant stock exchange or the company's corporate website, typically."}
{"2499": "\n\nIn Canada, there is no differentiation in regulations between \"naked\" or \"covered\" short sales. However, engaging in \"naked\" short selling may result in a violation of securities legislation or self-regulatory organization rules if the transaction fails to settle. Section 126.1 of the Securities Act prohibits activities that mislead trading activity or perpetrate fraud on any person or company. National Instrument 23-101 Trading Rules also contain similar prohibitions against manipulation and fraud, with exemptions for those who comply with requirements established by recognized exchanges or regulation services providers.\n\nUnder section 127(1) of the Securities Act, the OSC has jurisdiction in the public interest to make orders that align with the purposes of the Securities Act, even if the activity is not expressly prohibited by legislation. The TSX Rule Book places obligations on participating organizations to ensure that shares are located before they can be sold short. This means that a share may not be locatable due to the broker not having any in their inventory or not offering a high enough interest rate to borrow the share.\n\nIf one broker does not have inventory, another may. It is recommended to check IB's list, as they pass on costs to finance short sales."}
{"2500": "\n\nI assume you're inquiring about a payment for services your company provided, which was hired by a larger business. Typically, large companies don't issue personal checks for services provided since they maintain contracts with suppliers or service providers. If a personal check is issued, it won't match their contractual agreement, creating an issue when the auditors review their records. The individual who issued the check will have to provide proof that your business is legitimately affiliated with your company and that there was no intent of tax fraud."}
{"2501": "\n\nAround 2009, NYSE began permitting tickers comprised of four letters, while NASDAQ permits tickers consisting of four to five letters, and there is a possibility that they may increase in the future if necessary. Companies are allowed to change tickers; however, there are associated costs. In the US, tickers are assigned by a single entity and new companies must choose an available ticker. I understand you are located in Australia where there may be limited options to address the issue you mentioned, and it is possible that your country will adopt a similar approach. I am unsure of the process for assigning tickers in Australia. \n\nSource: http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB124296050986346159"}
{"2502": "\n\nOne of the most thorough explanations of the P2P lending process can be found in the SEC proceedings. The SEC is meticulous about providing accurate terminology for the steps in the process. Despite receiving an order to comply with SEC regulations, Prosper continued operating. However, the document effectively outlines how Prosper operated before SEC registration of its notes. It is a valuable resource due to the insightful remarks on the workings of P2P lending and crowdfunding."}
{"2503": "\n\nIf wire transfer through your bank is not an option, you may want to consider using a more popular money transfer service such as MoneyGram or Western Union. However, these services require you to work with a trustworthy \"registered\" third party for the transfer. It's important to verify their authenticity before proceeding. You can search for registered parties near you on each company's site. Keep in mind that certain fees may be applied based on the amount being transferred, so be sure to do thorough research beforehand to avoid any potential scams. I recommend consulting trusted sources and conducting extensive research on brokers. Although I haven't personally used the services, my quick search showed plenty of options with varying competitive conversion rates and fees. Best of luck."}
{"2504": "\n\nI strongly disagree with the idea of obsessing over expenses. It's important to first create an allocation strategy that aligns with your investment goals before focusing on small costs. Prioritize building a diversified portfolio and consider all available funds by using tools like Google finance. Be mindful to exclude funds with low ratings, between 1 to 3 stars. Take advantage of the helpful tips and advice about portfolios found on this site. If you still don't feel confident, consider a fee-based advisor."}
{"2505": "\n\nIt appears that the doctor's office lacks proper organization. Request a detailed bill that lists each service provided on specific dates. After reviewing the bill, if it appears accurate and reasonable, attempt to negotiate a cash discount payment. Inquire about the amount that would be acceptable if you paid in cash. If the price exceeds your expectations, explain that you were not prepared for this sudden bill and ask if they would be willing to accept a lower amount. If they agree, that's fantastic; otherwise, try to reach a compromise, pay the suggested amount, or take the risk of not paying and hope the bill does not end up in collections."}
{"2506": "\n\nThe Metals and Mining sector is a unique area of the stock market. Its correlation to the U.S. equity market, as measured by the SPX, is relatively weak at approximately 0.3. Therefore, it does not behave like typical equity. Additionally, it is not strongly correlated with major metals such as gold, as evidenced by a -0.6 correlation. Over the past 25 years, Metals and Mining stocks have underperformed the overall stock market, with an annualized return of only 3% compared to 9.8%. However, there was a remarkable 8-year period between 1999 and 2007 where it achieved an annualized return of 66%. It is important to remember that Metals and Mining stocks are still stocks, and that if the market does not view them as profitable, their price will decrease until they reach a reasonable return compared to other equity, accounting for risk. Therefore, it is reasonable to expect that on average, their return will be similar to other stocks. However, as demonstrated in the past 25 years, actual results can vary significantly, both positively and negatively. (All figures were obtained from monthly data over the last 25 years, using VGPMX as a proxy for Metals and Mining.)"}
{"2507": "\n\nWells Fargo Shareowner Services serves as both a Transfer Agent and Dividend Paying Agent for companies such as Acme Inc. Their primary responsibility is to maintain accurate records of shareowners and their respective shares. Additionally, they distribute dividends to qualifying shareholders. As the exclusive party responsible for reassigning shares, they play a crucial role in ensuring the lawful transfer of deceased relatives' shares. Nevertheless, Wells Fargo Shareowner Services no longer possesses control over shares once they are legally transferred elsewhere. The transfer process requires the completion of paperwork and verification of identity, which is generally straightforward for individuals with a US government-issued ID and bank account."}
{"2508": "\n\nIn order to determine your return on investment, you will need to find out the price per share of a stock in the past and compare it to the current price per share. You can locate historical stock prices using Google Finance. For example, on January 5, 2015, the closing price for GOOG was $513.87, while on December 31, 2015, it was $758.88. To calculate your ROI, use the following formula: ROI = (Proceeds from Investment - Cost of Investment) / Cost of Investment. In this case, the ROI would equal 47.7%. Since the timeframe was one year, this percentage already represents the annualized rate of return. If the timeframe differed from one year, it would typically be necessary to convert it to an annualized rate for comparison purposes against other investments."}
{"2509": "\n\nBottom Line Up Front (BLUF): Consider continuing to rent while working towards financial independence, as owning a home can be a poor investment dependent on the housing market in your area. It may be worthwhile to research rumors of a depressed market and consider factors such as homeowners association fees, periodic system replacements, plumbing and electrical repairs, and remodeling costs. Calculate each of these as costs over their average lifespan or as an average yearly cost. Additionally, remember that owning carries significant opportunity and maintenance costs and is not a liquid investment, but does provide stability. Renting provides the freedom of not paying for maintenance or repairs and the ability to move with ease. Weigh both options carefully, including any intangible benefits, before making a decision."}
{"2510": "\n\n\"Check out PastSat Backtesting, a backtesting tool that allows users to test well-known technical indicators without the need for coding skills.\""}
{"2511": "\n\nMilliondollarjourney.com has published two articles titled \"How Investing Taxes Work Part 1 and Part 2\" which offer valuable insights on the topic. According to the articles, capital gains and dividends are taxed at a lower rate, whereas interest tax is taxed at a regular rate - at your marginal rate. Capital gains are taxed at only 50% of your marginal rate, which is why it is recommended to hold interest bearing accounts inside the RRSP and stocks outside. If your stocks do go down, you can deduct your losses from your capital appreciating stocks against your gains outside of the RRSP. Dividends from Canadian companies are eligible for a dividend tax credit, but foreign companies are not. It is worth noting that dividends from U.S. companies are treated as a special case. However, it is unclear how much of this applies to mutual funds. Overall, the articles present useful information on investment taxes."}
{"2512": "\n\nRevised: Currently, new cars are sold with a slight markup of around $500 above their blue book value, and they typically decrease in value by approximately 20% during their first year. On the other hand, used cars are often marked up by $2,500 above their blue book value, and they depreciate at a standard rate. From my personal experience, I recommend purchasing a new car since buying a used car could mean inheriting someone else's problems. Additionally, instead of trading in your car every 4 years, it's better to keep it for 5 or more years to avoid unnecessary expenses. It's important to note that this information is generalized, and it's based on my experience as a former Chevrolet car salesperson from around 10 years ago."}
{"2513": "\n\nConsider checking if your retirement plan includes a \"Target Date\" option, which automatically balances gains and protecting your existing funds as you progress in your career. You have the flexibility to choose a more or less aggressive plan by selecting a target date that is later or sooner, respectively. However, be aware of the administrative fees, which can diminish a significant portion of your growth by compounding and deducting from your rate of return. If this option is unavailable or comes with excessive fees, consider switching to a different plan over time. You can usually exchange plans without incurring any tax penalties or fees. Keep in mind that tax-advantaged 401(k) investments should be part of your overall investment strategy, and seeking advice from an independent financial planner can be beneficial. Ultimately, your investment decisions should align with your risk tolerance and time horizon."}
{"2514": "\n\nI personally verified that there is no monetary fine for filing late. However, I must redo all publication due to my delay, resulting in an additional cost of $50."}
{"2515": "\n\nYou don't need to be overly scared of investing in the market. Although it has its ups and downs, in the long run, you can make money from it. It's crucial to avoid jumping in and out of the stock market and to steadily add money to investments that you both 1) comprehend and 2) trust. When we say 'understand,' we're referring to the ability to track how the money is generated, whether it's from a company's products or services, a government's bond, or straightforward compounding interest. You don't have to worry about the details of each day, but if you don't grasp how the money is earned, it's not transparent enough, and there could be some hazards lurking. Here are a few essential rules that I attempt (!) to obey. The most significant tactic is to invest whatever amount you can consistently. You can grow your wealth by saving more and spending less. Personally, I find spending less easier, but with some basic investment tools, earning more is pretty simple."}
{"2516": "\n\nLet's compare FFFFX, your target fund, to the popular SPY (SPDR S&P 500 ETF), using data from Yahoo Finance. There is a notable difference in their long-term performance, so it is advisable to research other funds that may provide better performance. I must disclose that my IRA is with Fidelity, but less than 10% is invested in their mutual funds, and none is in FFFFX."}
{"2517": "\n\nRevised: 2.5%? That's an outrageous amount. You're essentially being robbed blind. Never agree to pay \"fees\". There are plenty of lenders out there who are willing to put in the work to give you a loan. When it comes to \"points\", you should only consider paying them if you're absolutely certain that you'll be keeping the loan for longer than it will take to repay the points. For example, if a point will lower your interest rate by 0.25%, you'll need to be sure that you'll be staying in the house for at least four years, and probably more like six to eight years before considering refinancing or moving. It's generally okay to pay for the appraisal, as it will still be valid for a few months if something goes wrong with your loan application. Personally, I once had 14% cash for a down-payment, and was offered a rate reduction of 0.25% if I could come up with 15%. I ended up taking a \"reverse point\", which paid me 1% but raised my rate by the same amount. The loan officer didn't understand why I did it; but for me, it was simply a matter of getting paid for signing my name twice."}
{"2518": "\n\nThe price of an ETF quoted on the stock exchange is usually not based on its NAV. Although the fund administrator computes and publishes the NAV after all expenses, the ETF's price is determined by the market similar to any other security. Nevertheless, the market typically does not differ significantly from the fund's NAV. Thus, it is reasonable to assume that the ETF's quoted price is net of relevant fees."}
{"2519": "\n\nThe term \"ready market\" refers to a market that has genuine buy and sell offers from investors who are willing to trade or own the security or commodity. In contrast, a \"spot market\" implies that the commodity or security is traded for delivery immediately, whereas in a \"futures market,\" the transaction takes place at a predetermined date in the future. Buying a futures contract enables sellers to secure a price that shields them from possible price drops until they deliver the commodity or security. For example, farmers can pre-sell their produce at set prices for future deliveries, thus protecting them from price fluctuations. However, if the price rises, the farmers would lose the difference. Conversely, buyers can profit from the expectation of future price increases. Trading on margins entails borrowing money to invest in a security, whether the trade is long (buying) or short (selling). Typically, margin traders pay a fee or interest rate on the amount they borrow. During a short sale, traders sell securities they do not possess in the hope of buying them back later at a lower price and pocket the difference. The short-seller covers the short by buying back the securities and returning them to their broker. Any profit the short-seller makes depends on the amount between the sale and purchase prices, minus any associated fees."}
{"2520": "\n\nIt is possible to register a limited company and keep it dormant without difficulty. However, it is important to notify HMRC within 3 months of any trading activity in the future. The process of registering a company is much quicker now, thus there should be minimal concerns. The confusion around Private Limited Companies is understandable, as UK formation services commonly provide standard packages for Private Limited by Shares companies. Limited by Guarantee is a different entity, usually only used by charities or non-profit organizations. More information is available here. While registering for VAT is not mandatory until you reach the \u00a381,000 turnover threshold, it may be beneficial to your business in your field of expertise. Therefore, it is suggested to seek professional advice to determine if registering for VAT is the best option for your business."}
{"2521": "\n\nThe comprehensive list of holdings will be included in the fund's annual report, which is accurate as of the reporting date. I obtained the most recent report for FMAGX from the \"All Fund Documents\" section of my Schwab research. However, there are other ways to obtain it. A quick online search using the keywords \"fmagx annual report\" led me to the first link on Google search results."}
{"2522": "\n\n\nRevised: \n\nHouse rent allowance of Rs. 7500 can be tax-free to the extent that it is less than medical allowance of Rs. 800, which can also be tax-free if supported by medical bills. Conveyance allowance of Rs. 1250 is always tax-free. Additionally, investing in any tax-saving instruments such as specified fixed deposits, NSC, PPF, EPF, tuition fees, ELSS or home loan principal can provide deductions of up to Rs. 150,000. An additional Rs. 50,000 can be claimed through investments in NPS. If you have a home loan, up to Rs. 200,000 in interest can be deducted. With the right investments, you can avoid paying tax on your salary, apart from the Rs. 200 professional tax deduction."}
{"2523": "\n\nLittleadv provided a great answer, but there is an important detail that was left out. Today's minted coins typically only contain a high percentage of precious metal. For instance, pre-1965 quarters are composed of 90% silver and 10% other materials, in order to maintain their strength and durability. Conversely, silver bullion rounds are typically made of .9999% or fine silver, which is much softer."}
{"2524": "\n\nIt is recommended that you consult with a financial fiduciary who is certified to ensure that they have your best interest at heart. Not all planners are fiduciaries. Talking to a fiduciary about investing your money is a sound decision. Even safe investment options such as treasury bonds can provide better returns than the 1% interest rate typically offered by savings accounts. For instance, the 5-year treasury yield is currently around 2%."}
{"2525": "\n\nIt is nearly impossible for the average millennial in the United States to save money due to the exorbitant cost of college education. If one chooses to pursue a college education, they will likely have to contend with a significant student loan that can take years to pay off. Alternatively, for those who skip college, opportunities for well-paying jobs are scarce. As a result, millennials are stuck in a cycle of debt, taking out loans for further education, homes, and medical expenses. With such a bleak financial outlook, the prospect of saving money is virtually nonexistent."}
{"2526": "\n\nYes, on December 10, you triggered a wash sale. However, if you refrain from repurchasing the same stock within the next 30 days, the wash sale will not have any impact. Put simply: if you do not hold the stock for at least 30 days, you will not have to worry about a wash sale."}
{"2527": "\n\nThe concept is accurate, but the specifics are slightly off. You should apply it to the real cash flow generated by the bond. My top recommendation is to depict a timeline graph. This way, you will notice that you receive \u00a335 in 6, 12, and 18 months, and \u00a31035 in 24 months. To execute the method in your inquiry, use the calculated interest rate of 3% per 6 months to discount each payment by the stated amount. Once you do this, you're finished. Additionally, if there were more coupons, such as a 20-year bond paid quarterly, it would be more efficient to employ the Present Value of an Annuity formula to discount all the coupons in one transaction. P.S."}
{"2528": "\n\nRevised: Utilizing Other People's Money (OPM) is typically more beneficial than using your own funds, a strategy Donald Trump has mastered. If an investment utilizing OPM turns awry, one can declare bankruptcy and eliminate the debt. Trump has done this on multiple occasions. With the current low-interest rates, it would be unwise for companies to solely utilize their own resources."}
{"2529": "\n\nThe articles suggest that if you want to leave money to both charity and relatives, it's not advisable to bequeath a Roth to charity while leaving taxable accounts to relatives. While it's not necessarily \"bad\" to leave a Roth to charity, it's not as beneficial as giving it to humans if you intend to leave money for them too. In your case, as you intend to leave less money to relatives than the value of your Roth, the advice is to leave $30K of your Roth to your relatives and the entire taxable funds to charity, along with the remaining $20K from the Roth. Essentially, the Roth should only be considered for charitable giving if you have already given all intended money to your beneficiaries. The details of designating beneficiaries can be explored through further research."}
{"2530": "\n\nThe market maker's main responsibility is to provide a bid and ask price for specific stocks, ensuring that buyers and sellers can execute trades instantly. However, the prices offered by market makers may not always be the most favorable. It is important to note that the majority of trades do not involve market makers, with most occurring between two third-party traders. In the past, market orders traded with market makers to execute trades immediately; however, this is not necessarily the case anymore. Currently, market orders are executed with the best available limit order(s) on the other side of the trade, which may or may not involve a market maker."}
{"2531": "\n\nIn the comments of the accepted answer, I believe Nate Eldredge is correct, and littleadv is incorrect. Nate quoted the actual definition from the IRS guidelines, which states that an expense is ordinary if it is common and accepted in your trade, business, or profession, and necessary if it is appropriate and helpful to your business. The use of noise-cancelling headphones is certainly appropriate and helpful in the software industry, especially with the trend of open office layouts, and is becoming more and more common and accepted among developers. \n\nHowever, I have reservations about the usage of personally owned keyboards and monitors, as it is likely that your employer already provides these items. Using your own equipment could be seen as a personal preference rather than an appropriate and helpful business expense. \n\nPlease note that I am not a tax lawyer, and this is not legal advice. However, based on my interpretation of the IRS guidelines, noise cancelling headphones would be a justifiable business expense, while keyboards and monitors may be more debatable."}
{"2532": "\n\nThe recurring equation for the balance at the end of each month can be derived using the variables provided. The annual repayment would be periodic. This equation is b[x + 1] = b[x] (1 + r) - d, where b[0] = s. The total principal repaid at the end of period n - 1 is equal to s - b[n - 1], and the interest portion of the final payment can be calculated as b[n - 1] r. Solving for n = 8.9998 and s = 7240, we can determine that the principal repaid at the end of the first period equals s - b[1] or d - r, which is equal to $479.74."}
{"2533": "\n\nI highly suggest purchasing a pre-owned set of Chartered Financial Analyst books. This series provides an excellent and comprehensive overview of key investing and market topics, encompassing both practical applications and theoretical foundations. The CFA materials delve deeply into crucial matters, such as... Once you have established a solid foundation, consider visiting quant.stackexchange to inquire about more specialized texts or any other topics that fascinate you. Above all, enjoy your learning journey!"}
{"2534": "\n\nThis means that for the fiscal year 2015, most internal companies in China or India may have a different fiscal year to assess their financial status when the year ends."}
{"2535": "\n\nIs my observation that the currency exchange market is indirect correct? Is there a particular reason for this? Why isn't currency traded like stocks? While stocks are held with depositories and exchanges match listings and exchange money via local clearings, currency markets are more global with trades occurring in multiple places. This loosely called \"Fx marketplace\" presents complex challenges when building a matching engine. For example, with currency pair matching, there are many difficulties to consider. Trades occur with various currencies, making it challenging to match trades efficiently. Despite the challenges, one heavily traded currency pair, for example, the exchange for funds happens via CLS Bank. Additionally, international money transfer fees and the need for guarantees make small trades challenging to execute. Overall, while currency exchange markets may appear to be indirect, various factors create unique challenges compared to stock trading."}
{"2536": "\n\nI haven't personally tried it, but you could take a look at Western Union Money Transfers by visiting their website at http://www.westernunion.com/WUCOMWEB/staticMid.do?method=load&pagename=serviceToBank."}
{"2537": "\n\nRevised: Have you considered a revocable trust as an alternative to receiving such a large gift and risking ownership challenges? One option is to treat it as a business investment by creating a holding company and using the trust as an agreement for shares. This strategy can provide additional protection and structure for your assets."}
{"2538": "\n\nWe are heavily reliant on oil as a source of energy, which means that the more money we spend on it, the less we have available to spend on other items such as luxurious dining and new cars. This, in turn, affects the economy, causing a shift in the prices of other goods as the value of a dollar increases due to the scarcity of funds. Our dependence on oil is a significant driver of this situation, impacting not only individuals but entire nations as well. In addition to this, we may wonder about the inner workings of currency markets and the factors that contribute to the fluctuation of currency values."}
{"2539": "\n\nThey primarily generate revenue from the difference between the price of your order and the current buy/sell spread in the market. However, as others have noted, their buy/sell spreads are somewhat underwhelming."}
{"2540": "\n\nBased on your question and subsequent clarification in the comments, it appears that you have a U.S. LLC composed of at least two members. If you did not choose a different tax treatment, the IRS will classify the LLC as a partnership. In this case, the partnership must file a tax return using Form 1065, and each partner will receive a Schedule K-1 from the partnership. The Schedule K-1 will contain the respective shares of the partnership's income and expenses that each partner must report on their individual Forms 1040.\n\nIt is also possible to elect to be taxed as an S-Corp or a C-Corp instead of a partnership, but this requires filing a specific form to make such an election. If you choose the S-Corp option, the company will file a different form, but the process is similar in that income will pass through to the owners via a Schedule K-1. If you choose the C-Corp option, the owners will not pay tax on their individual Forms 1040, but the C-Corp itself will be liable for income tax.\n\nWhether spending money as a business expense to avoid paying additional taxes is advisable will depend on your particular circumstances. It would be best to seek tailored advice for a thorough evaluation of your situation."}
{"2541": "\n\nWhenever you make a payment or withdraw funds from your account, PayPal charges a fee of approximately 3% of the current currency value, in addition to any other fees. For example, if you're converting 100 US dollars to British pounds and the current exchange rate is 1 USD = 0.82 GBP, you'll need to subtract 3% of the actual currency rate. The approximate amount would be 0.82 multiplied by 97% (100 - 3 = 97), which equals 0.7954. This means that 1 USD equals 0.7954 GBP. While this formula is not 100% accurate, it can be helpful."}
{"2542": "\n\nI'm considering whether it would be simpler to search for an emerging markets fund that doesn't include China and move my investments there. In the past, there were numerous 'Asian tiger' funds that excluded Japan for comparable reasons, so it's possible that there are similar emerging markets funds that exclude China. I've come across some inverse ETFs that short the emerging markets in general, but none that are specific to China. However, I haven't extensively searched yet."}
{"2543": "\n\nBanks typically require two years' worth of tax returns when issuing business credit. In the case that tax returns are not available, such as with recently-formed businesses, personal returns of the owners may be considered. Regrettably, your friend falls into the latter scenario, and adding another partner may not improve the situation. With only two owners, the bank will likely evaluate both personal tax returns and credit histories. Collateral may be necessary to secure funding. While I can't offer better solutions, exploring alternative funding, such as personal loans from family and friends, may be necessary. Consider offering them a stake in the business in exchange for capital."}
{"2544": "\n\nSummary: The term \"short sale circuit breaker\" rule refers to the recent adoption of a new version of the uptick rule by the SEC. The new rule prohibits short selling when the stock drops by a certain percentage. This \"circuit breaker\" is activated when the stock price decreases by 10% or more from the previous day's closing price. The alternative uptick rule permits short selling only when the national best bid price is higher than the current security price. This rule applies to all equities. The primary purpose of the rule is to promote market stability and safeguard investor confidence, while exceptions may apply to certain scenarios.\n\nRevised text: The \"short sale circuit breaker\" rule pertains to the updated uptick rule enforced by the SEC. This regulation prohibits short selling when the stock price falls by a certain percentage, commonly known as the \"circuit breaker.\" The circuit breaker activates when the stock price drops by 10% or more from the previous day's closing price. Additionally, the alternative uptick rule allows short selling only when the national best bid price is higher than the current security price, and applies to all equities. The rule aims to promote stable markets and investor confidence. However, exceptions may apply in specific situations."}
{"2545": "\n\nRevised: Investing in a stock solely based on its dividend is not a wise decision because dividends are never guaranteed. In fact, some companies paying close to 10% dividends may be losing money and may have to borrow funds to maintain their dividends. It's questionable how long these companies can continue to pay dividends at this rate or at all. It's crucial to consider the total return, which includes both dividend yield and capital return, when making investment decisions. Furthermore, high dividend-paying stocks tend to grow slower than lower or non-dividend paying stocks. Therefore, it's important not to base investment decisions solely on a stock's dividend. Also, it's unwise to stay invested in a stock that's falling significantly just because of its dividend. Taxation may also be a factor to consider, but it should never be the determining factor of investment decisions. Ultimately, no one has ever become poor by making a gain and paying some tax, but many have lost a significant portion of their capital by not selling a stock that has lost 50% or more of its value."}
{"2546": "\n\nFirst, you need to pay off the remaining balance on the loan. Additionally, it's not recommended to use FHA loans for rental properties. Although I'm unsure how your extended stay in the property could affect this, or how strictly this rule is enforced, it's possible that you may need to refinance in order to rent it out."}
{"2547": "\n\nWhy choose instruments like stocks for funding your children's college education when they are subject to capital gains tax, unlike a home equity loan? Investing in tax-efficient options such as 529 plans, Roth IRAs, Series EE and I bonds can provide numerous benefits for saving towards educational expenses. If distributions are made from a Roth IRA for qualified education expenses, they are tax and penalty free. Although tapping into home equity may seem tempting, it is vital to note that in case of unforeseeable circumstances, defaulting on the loan could result in losing your home. Additionally, the advantages of 529 plans and Roth IRAs do not extend to extravagant purchases such as motor boats. Certain people choose not to use home equity loans for college funding, leaving it untouched for other purposes. \n\nFurther details regarding tax-efficient options for college savings show that 529 plans do not incur federal tax when withdrawals are made for education expenses. At the state level, contributions made to state-sponsored 529 plans are typically deductible. However, 529 plans are not self-directed, so trading stocks and bonds is not possible in these plans. On the other hand, a Roth IRA provides a self-directed investment option with tax-free distributions for qualified education expenses. It's important to remember that there are contribution limits and penalties for non-education-related withdrawals. Finally, investing in Series EE and I bonds can offer tax-free interest revenue, given that the bonds are used for education. While each of these options has distinct terms and limitations, they provide significant tax benefits for higher education funding."}
{"2548": "\n\nPrepaid services should generally be capitalized over the period they cover. However, if the period prepaid is up to one year, you can simply expense them. If you have any technical questions, please contact Intuit support. You should be able to include prepaid services in the same category as your other business expenses. If you are a sole proprietor, this would be Schedule C."}
{"2549": "\n\nThe state of California has limited the credit check or application screening fees that landlords can charge prospective tenants, and has provided guidelines for landlords regarding the acceptance of these fees (Cal. Civ. Code \u00a7\u202f1950.6). The key provisions include: [insert key provisions here]. If you notice a landlord violating these rules, you may have two options, however, it is recommended to avoid the problem entirely by obtaining a copy of your credit report and bringing it with you to meet the landlord. Inquiring about the need for an application fee and citing the aforementioned law demonstrates your awareness of your rights as a tenant. If a credit report is required, offer to provide them with a copy instead of paying the fee. Please note that I am not a legal professional."}
{"2550": "\n\nAs per the IRS guidelines, you can make contributions to your IRA irrespective of whether or not you have another retirement plan through your employer or business. However, if you or your spouse participates in another retirement plan at work, you may not be able to deduct all of your traditional IRA contributions. Also, if your income exceeds a certain level, your Roth IRA contributions might be limited. The IRS has specified that your deduction may be limited if you (or your spouse, if married) are covered by a retirement plan at work, and your income exceeds certain levels, as explained in this link: https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/IRA-Deduction-Limits. It is important to note that the term \"covered\" refers to receiving contributions triggered by work done in a previous year, rather than being actively covered in a plan at an employer where you didn't work during that year. Therefore, you cannot legally be considered covered by a plan in such a scenario."}
{"2551": "\n\nWhen placing an order with an online broker, it's important to know which exchange the stock trades on. For instance, you can check Yahoo Finance to see where a stock like News Corp is traded - it may appear on both the ASX and the Nasdaq. Note that shares traded on the ASX will have the extension \".AX\", which helps you distinguish them. When placing orders with your broker, make sure to select the appropriate exchange (if trading on multiple exchanges is allowed). Therefore, it's crucial to always know which exchange your order is going to."}
{"2552": "\n\nIf a company is valued correctly, paying dividends should lower the share price, and buying back shares should leave the share price unchanged. For instance, suppose the share price is $100, and the company pays a $10 dividend. In that case, the company's cash per share goes down by $10, they can borrow money for the same amount, or a combination of both. Regardless, the company's value per share decreases by $10. Similarly, if the company buys back 10 percent of its shares at $100 per share, they will have to find the money to do so. The value of the company also goes down by 10 percent. However, since the number of shares has decreased by the same percentage as the value, the amount of value per share remains the same, resulting in an unchanged share price.\n\nPsychological effects can come into play as well. Many investors prefer receiving dividends, so they will have a tendency to invest in companies with high dividend yields, causing the share price to increase. Similarly, with share buybacks, investors may perceive buying large amounts of shares as a sign of confidence from the company, driving the share price up. However, these effects are purely psychological and do not necessarily reflect the true value of the company.\n\nA share buyback can have a significant impact on a company's value if the shares are undervalued. For example, if a company is truly worth $100 per share, but the market price is only $50, a share buyback can increase the value per share. The company buys from investors who are not aware of the company's true value, thereby increasing the value for investors who hold onto their shares. However, if the share price is already overvalued at $200, buying back shares would be unwise for the company."}
{"2553": "\n\nIf you meet certain conditions and qualify for the safe harbor, you may not have to make any additional quarterly tax payments. However, if you are confident that you will owe taxes, you are still welcome to make payments. If you earned over $150,000 as a joint filer or $75,000 as a single filer in 2014, you must pay the smaller of 90% of your estimated tax for 2015 or 110% of the tax from your 2014 return to avoid a penalty. The IRS Publication 505 lists several reasons why you may not be required to pay estimated taxes if your income is below these thresholds. For example, if your total withholding and estimated tax payments for 2014 exceeded your 2013 tax, you should not owe any additional taxes. If you paid one-fourth of last year's taxes (or 110% of them) in estimated taxes for each quarter before the current one, you can simply add any excess due to your next payment and avoid penalties."}
{"2554": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThe company's policy may not allow for the transfer of these options, but if they do, you can provide payment to have the options issued under your name. Since the company is not publicly traded, they may have a requirement that exiting employees must buy the shares or let them expire. If non-employees are permitted to own shares, then you can pay for the exercise of the options and have the person with the options take possession of the shares and transfer them to you. In any case, consulting a lawyer is strongly recommended when dealing with large sums of money. It should be noted that the options belong to the other person, and any purchase of shares would need to be made by them."}
{"2555": "\n\nAlthough \"Black Rock MSCI ACWI ex-US Index\" has a ticker symbol for \"Investor A\" shares, the share class being referred to may not have one. Fund companies often offer multiple share classes with varying fees. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) provides information on mutual fund classes as a government source in the US. It's important to note that investing in a \"Fund of funds\" can result in two layers of expense ratios. Vanguard is recognized for minimizing expenses."}
{"2556": "\n\nWhat might happen if the company realizes their mistake in the future? You have informed them of the error and they have decided to let you keep the points, but there are still some issues to consider. Firstly, it is important to ensure that you have made a reasonable effort to address the mistake in accordance with your jurisdiction's requirements. This may require sending a letter or obtaining written confirmation from the company. You may want to seek advice from a consumer protection organization if necessary.\n\nThe second issue is whether the company representative had the authority to make such a significant goodwill gesture. While it is difficult to be sure, it is reasonable to assume that the representative was authorized to offer the points as a gift. However, you should be aware of the legal requirements for accepting a gift in your jurisdiction to ensure that you do not inadvertently engage in fraudulent or deceptive behavior.\n\nLooking ahead, the worst-case scenario would be if the company decides that the gift was not legitimately offered in the first place. This could result in you being required to repay any funds spent beyond what you are entitled to. To avoid this possibility, you should research what constitutes a binding gift in your jurisdiction and demonstrate that the points were given as a gift.\n\nAdditionally, it may be necessary to consider any tax implications related to receiving such a large gift. If you do owe taxes on the gift, you should request written confirmation from the company to avoid any issues in the future.\n\nIt is important to be honest about any errors and address them promptly. Deliberately keeping something that was given in error could be considered theft or fraud, and could result in legal consequences. Therefore, it is recommended to report any errors as soon as possible and follow the proper procedures for resolution, to ensure that you are acting ethically and in accordance with the law."}
{"2557": "\n\nIn my opinion, your best option would be to wire the funds from your US account to your French account. This method is not only cost-effective but also secure. As the transfer will be processed through SWIFT, the choice of bank is not crucial. However, it is advisable to compare fees charged by different banks on both ends to identify the most economical option."}
{"2558": "\n\nThe reason why OKPay (or rather, the banks they work with) doesn't accept US citizens is due to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). In 2010, Congress passed FATCA, which requires non-US banks to report accounts held by American citizens worth over $50,000. Failure to comply can result in a 30% withholding penalty and even exclusion from the US market. By 2015, over 100,000 foreign entities agreed to share financial information with the IRS, including Russia and China. Canada is the only major global economy to resist FATCA, with private citizens filing a lawsuit to block it from gathering private bank account information. For more information on the tax implications of foreign bank accounts, check out Investopedia."}
{"2559": "\n\nIt's doubtful that you'll find a credit card processor who doesn't charge a flat fee along with a percentage. The industry standard is to charge around 35 cents, which can make your proposed method of doing business quite expensive. Additionally, it's not in line with best practices, as many industries, including hosting services, offer discounts for making a single payment over an extended period. While I wish I could be more helpful, I believe it's unrealistic to expect to find what you're looking for."}
{"2560": "\n\nTo further clarify Portman's answer, the payment can be viewed as compensation for the \"switching cost\" involved in transferring your account. This includes inconveniences such as updating payment information and stationery. The cash incentive is intended to offset these difficulties. Considering the substantial profits banks earn, the $100 offer can be likened to a store giving a 5% discount on your next purchase."}
{"2561": "\n\nAccording to Wikipedia, the Canadian Securities Course (CSC) offered by the Canadian Securities Institute (CSI) is the initial requirement for becoming licensed to work in the Canadian securities industry outside Quebec as a securities dealer or agent. However, EfficientMarket Canada points out that further courses and work experience may be necessary, and passing the CSC does not necessarily indicate a full understanding of investing. Therefore, while the CSC may be a prerequisite for certain financial agencies, it is likely insufficient for most job opportunities in the field. It is suggested that pursuing a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) certification may be more appropriate for those interested in asset management and financial theory. Additionally, networking and leveraging experience are crucial for entry into the industry, particularly for older individuals seeking to change careers."}
{"2562": "\n\nThis answer is subject to various factors. One key factor is your proximity to the average salary range for your industry. If you earn more than the average, it's reasonable to expect that your employer won't offer significant raises. To achieve top salary range, you must perform at an exceptional level. Large raises usually come with promotions or pursuing new job opportunities. From personal experience, I worked in a big bank and learned that companies typically do not grant substantial raises. To earn good money, leaving your current job often becomes the only option as employers often find excuses to deny significant raises. Unless you are part of management, getting large raises or bonuses becomes challenging, especially in big companies, where the likelihood of receiving raises above 3-5% decreases. Your skills should be in demand, and passive recruitment indicates the need for improvement with more skills. You should always consider yourself a free agent and strive to make yourself more appealing to potential employers."}
{"2563": "\n\nThe issue extends beyond Kyle, as American Express assumes the financial risk when their card is used. They pay the expenses for the cardholder and subsequently bill them. Credit card companies have security measures in place to prevent large and unusual transactions. Nevertheless, assuming they didn't have these safeguards, if Kyle were to exceed his credit limit, American Express would have a debt in the trillions since he is unlikely to repay the amount. As a result, Kyle would have to declare personal bankruptcy, which means he pays off as much as he can and then fails to repay the rest. The onus of the massive debt then falls on American Express. But AE wouldn't be able to settle such a considerable amount with their bank, so they would declare bankruptcy and default on their debt. This would cause a cascade effect on the banks that would have to carry this debt, leading to the collapse of the worldwide financial system. Thus, Kyle's efforts to help others would become futile since it would cause more significant problems for the very people he wants to support."}
{"2564": "\n\nMattMcA provided excellent advice and covered most of what I was going to say. If you want comprehensive and well-formatted information from databases, be prepared to pay for subscriptions or fees. One option to explore is to visit a library, especially a university library, where you may have free access. For instance, when I was in college, LexisNexis Corporate Affiliations was a preferred database among students. This company directory offers public and private company profiles, as well as full coverage on past and current mergers and acquisitions through MergerTrak\u2122. I highly recommend this business database, and since they offer a free trial, you have nothing to lose by checking it out. Additionally, there's always a business news feed available on the homepage. Currently, one item of interest is \"For Marvel Comics, A Renewed Digital Mission.\""}
{"2565": "\n\nThere are two main types of brokers: full-service and online (also known as discount brokers). Full-service brokers can provide recommendations on what to buy and sell and when, and you call them to place an order. They typically charge higher commissions. On the other hand, online brokers usually do not provide advice, but you can place orders through their website or platform for lower commissions. When starting out, it's best to check your country's stock exchange, like the ASX in Sydney, for a list of available brokers. Some online brokers offer practice accounts and educational material to help you get started. If you want to buy Facebook shares on the secondary market, you would go to the order section of your broker's website and place a new order to buy, using either a market order or a limit price order. You should also ensure you have the funds available at settlement, which is three business days after your order is executed. To sell your shares, you simply choose a sell order instead of a buy order. With some research and practice, buying and selling shares can become quite simple. Good luck!"}
{"2566": "\n\nIs it possible to consistently beat the market on returns? This is a common question with limited evidence on either side. It's important to note that even if the markets were entirely random, some investors could beat the market throughout their lifetime, purely by luck. When it comes to evidence of beating the market due to persistent skill, it's difficult to obtain as most individual investors don't share their investment information. However, there is some weak evidence that suggests the best individual investors outperform the market, and their trading can predict future market movements. On the other hand, winning portfolios are often riskier and not from commonly available strategies.\n\nDespite this information, there are a lot of papers, advisers, and websites that offer investment strategies that aim to outperform benchmarks. However, the average investor will typically make the market return and then pay fees on top of that. If there were an easy way to beat the market, it would quickly become expensive and become part of the market. This is why there will always be people that consistently outperform the market, but few, if any, strategies that will outperform consistently with any certainty.\n\nWhen an active trading strategy is discussed that potentially beats the market, it's often met with skepticism. This is likely because there are so many bad ideas, but even good ideas may add uncertainty to the market and increase retirement risk. Ultimately, the market is full of uncertainty, and there's always a chance that some investors will consistently outperform, but it's difficult to say with certainty that any particular strategy will consistently beat the market."}
{"2567": "\n\nThere are two types of machines being discussed here, at least in the United States. Typically, a change machine refers to a device that accepts large notes and returns smaller coins or bills of equivalent value. These machines are commonly used to convert paper currency to coins, in which case they are often called \"bill changers.\" The specific coins or bills returned depend on the particular machine, so one should always consult the instructions for details. For instance, in my apartment building, there is a machine that converts small notes into quarters, because the washing machines only take quarters for payment.\n\nThe other type of machine is coin-cashing, such as the popular Coinstar machines found in grocery stores. Most banks used to have these machines too, but they are now less common in my area at least. Basically, these machines turn small denominations of coins, mainly pennies, into bills and larger coins like quarters, dimes, and nickels, less a small fee. Sometimes, instead of giving back bills, these machines may issue a gift card, but they will still usually keep a fee. The fee structure may vary depending on the location and bank.\n\nAccording to the Wikipedia article, some banks in the US have started offering free coin-counting services. In some cases, customers can get refunds in cash, while in others, they may get a gift card. Some banks, like TD Bank, used to provide \"Penny Arcade\" coin counters free of charge to both customers and non-customers, but as of November 2010, they shifted to a 6% fee for non-customers to use the machine."}
{"2568": "\n\nBuilding upon mbhunter's response, it's important to note that brokers prioritize making the amount of money they desire, often at the expense of the employee or the company. Moreover, many small businesses aspire to compete in the market and to provide benefits to their employees. As a result, they typically hunt for options from different brokers. However, the boss may not always possess the necessary expertise to make informed investment decisions, ultimately choosing the offering presented by the broker who can sell it the best. While it is commendable for a company to offer benefits, it is essential to understand that they too can be swayed by a persuasive sales pitch. Having excellent sales skills does not necessarily translate to offering a good product."}
{"2569": "\n\nYou appear to be making things needlessly complex. Why not establish a business entity, open one or more bank accounts in its name, and then have the funds transferred to those accounts? If you plan on running a company, it's best to establish an appropriate structure for it. In the United States, you can choose to set up an S-corporation or an LLC with pass-through taxation, which means that you'll only be taxed on your personal income from the business. This would prevent the business itself from incurring any tax liability. It's important to avoid commingling your personal finances with those of your business, as this could create serious tax issues if you're not careful. The potential difficulties and hazards are not worth taking that risk."}
{"2570": "\n\nWhen applying for a credit card, it is important to know the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) or interest rate that you will be charged if you have an outstanding balance. However, it is important to note that the APR of 19.9% is not charged all at once. For instance, a $100 balance on your credit card will not incur a 19.9% interest charge, making the new balance $119.90. Instead, you will be charged a periodic rate, which is equivalent to one month's interest. You can easily calculate the periodic rate by dividing the APR by 12. Thus, 19.9% equals 1.65833% per month. This means that for a $100 balance, you will be charged 1.65833% interest, which is rounded up to 1.66, making your new balance $101.66. To learn about all the terms and conditions of your credit card agreement, ask the bank for a copy of the \"Cardholder's Agreement\" or search for it on their website. It is crucial to read all the fine print ahead of time to avoid any surprises or confusion."}
{"2571": "\n\nI believe the previous editor, mhoran_psprep, accurately identified the information as pertaining to the US, although it is worth noting that the acronym IRS does not exclusively refer to the US entity as it once included the UK's Inland Revenue (which has since changed). In the US, stockbrokers typically do not withhold on dividends, interest, distributions, or realized capital gains, as gains may be offset by later losses. However, they may be required to apply backup withholding to dividends and interest. Taxpayers are typically required to pay most of their tax obligations throughout the year, either through withholding or through estimated payments, which must equal at least 10% of their tax liability or $1000, whichever amount is greater. If the tax on an individual's income, including recent capital gains, exceeds their withholding by 10% and $1000, they should adjust their withholding, make an estimated payment, or take a combination of both measures. It is important to note that the last week of December is too late to make significant adjustments to withholding or timely estimated payments, particularly if \"earlier in the year\" refers to an earlier quarter as defined for tax purposes (Jan-Mar, Apr-May, June-Aug, Sept-Dec). The IRS website (https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estimated-taxes) provides additional information about estimated taxes, including a link to Publication 505. However, if this is the first time a person has incurred capital gains, they may be eligible for a safe harbor provision. In such cases, if the individual did not owe any income tax the previous year (provided they were a citizen or resident) or, with the exception of high earners, if they owed taxes and their withholding plus estimated payments for the current year is sufficient to cover the previous year's tax liability, they may be exempt from Form 2210 penalties and have until the filing deadline (normally April 15th, but this year extended to April 18th due to a weekend and holiday) to pay. It is worth noting that gains on investments held for longer than one year are classified as long-term and taxed at lower rates, which can reduce the tax liability owed. However, based on the wording \"bought and sold... earlier this year\" it appears the holding period was not long-term, and short-term gains are taxed as ordinary income. Additionally, if a person lives in a state with income tax, similar considerations may apply, although the amounts involved are typically smaller. As far as we know, all states tax capital gains (and other investment income, other than interest on exempt bonds), and the lower rates for long-term gains are not necessarily guaranteed. Additionally, all states we have lived in have rules regarding withholding or estimated payments that are generally similar to those of the federal government, though not identical."}
{"2572": "\n\nIn order to establish yourself as an Investment Company, it is necessary for you to register with the SEC. To complete this process, the SEC offers an \"Investment Company Regulation and Registration Package\" which can be found at http://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/invcoreg121504.htm. You can access this package via the following link to the main page for funds and advisors: http://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment.shtml. It is important to note that requirements may differ based on the state in which you wish to register."}
{"2573": "\n\nRevised: Deciding whether to pay 20% tax now or later can be challenging because it's difficult to predict which tax rate will be higher for you in the future. To make the best choice, one may opt to split their contributions equally between pre-tax and post-tax. For instance, with $20,000, putting $10,000 in each fund may result in a total of $18,000 after taxes, which is midway between the outcomes of either option. This strategy also lowers the tax burden to $2,000 instead of $4,000 if you invested solely in pre-tax. By splitting your investment equally, you guarantee a 50/50 chance of being on the right side, which is better than potentially being 100% wrong. Predicting tax rates decades in advance is complex, so it may be helpful to take a balanced approach to minimize risks."}
{"2574": "\n\nYou may want to consider revising this text as follows:\n\nIt appears that the time scale being applied is not quite accurate. Generally, with an ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan), vesting occurs every six months. Accordingly, every half-year, a portion of stocks is granted to an employee based on their salary deduction, with a 15% discount. Subsequently, every six months, there is a sum of money from the sale of these stocks that can be invested in a long-term investment portfolio. This type of investing is known as dollar cost averaging. Specifically, an individual invests on a periodic basis (every six months in this example), allocating the same amount of money (based on their salary deferral) regardless of fluctuating stock market conditions. This is the essence of dollar cost averaging."}
{"2575": "\n\nThere are banks that offer \"pot\" accounts, such as Intelligent Finance (which calls them \"jars\"). Another option, specifically for charitable giving, is a CAF account: https://www.cafonline.org/my-personal-giving/plan-your-giving/individual-charity-account.aspx."}
{"2576": "\n\nYour plan has the potential to increase your total credit capacity, which is great for your credit score, while also reducing your utilization, which is also beneficial. However, it's important to note that using these cards periodically is crucial to prevent them from being closed. \n\nIt's important to consider whether this plan will ultimately benefit you, as factors beyond credit capacity and utilization can negatively impact your credit score. Continuously opening new accounts can lower your score due to pulls and low average age. Furthermore, if you reach a point where your increased capacity is no longer improving your score, you may be doing more harm than good. \n\nIt's true that closing accounts can also hurt your score. This is because it reduces your average age, maximum age, capacity, and increases your utilization."}
{"2577": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I cannot revise the text you provided earlier because it is already correct. However, I can provide suggestions to make it sound more engaging.\n\nIf you are looking for a comprehensive list of stock exchanges from around the world, look no further than Wikipedia. With just one click, you can access its page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stock_exchanges. Get informed and stay up-to-date on the latest happenings in the global stock market. Remember, knowledge is power, and with Wikipedia, you can be sure you have a powerful friend by your side."}
{"2578": "\n\nThe SMID CAP FUND offered by Fidelity is a type of mutual fund that invests in small to mid-sized companies. The term \"Cap\" refers to the market capitalization of a company, which is the total value of all its outstanding shares. Fidelity generally names their 401k funds based on the provider and provides management resources to help employees make investment decisions. To learn more about the specific fund that interests you, visit your Fidelity 401k website."}
{"2579": "\n\nAlthough the Vanguard paper is informative, it lacks a thorough explanation of the optimal levels for each stock or bond. For a more quantitative and transparent explanation, I recommend reading my paper, found here: https://www.betterment.com/resources/how-we-construct-portfolio-allocation-advice/ (Full disclosure - I am the author). This paper outlines the factors that determine the optimal risk level for a given holding period, including expected return and the investor's degree of risk aversion. Using these factors, an investor can construct a risk-averse decision model that selects the best risk level with a focus on median and lower percentile outcomes, while remaining robust to downside risk. These results vary based on the expected risk and return of the portfolio and the degree of risk aversion specified. It's important to note that these results are valid when liquidating the entire portfolio at a specific point in time. For retirement, the glide path should consider both gradually liquidating the portfolio over time and an individual's longevity risk, among other factors. Unfortunately, I cannot explain why Vanguard's path is the way it is."}
{"2580": "Along with D. Stanley's insightful answer, changes in market conditions and investor perceptions of the impact on a company's future earnings can influence the price of stocks. For example, a shortage of houses in the USA means there are fewer homes available for purchase than buyers, leading investors to predict higher future earnings for home builders compared to ten years ago. As a result, investors may try to buy the stocks, with current owners potentially demanding a premium to make a sale. Conversely, brick-and-mortar retailers are declining as online shopping gains popularity. Investors may expect these companies' future earnings to decrease, leading current owners to sell their stocks before prices drop further, with potential buyers offering low prices to incentivize sales. The broader market also affects stock prices; a strong jobs report with 350,000 new jobs created in July suggests companies are performing well and likely selling more products and services, leading to higher earnings and stock prices for these companies."}
{"2581": "\n\nThe relevance of a share price cannot be analyzed in isolation without considering variations. In your case, the 88% drop in value from 2.80 to 0.33 is what truly matters, rather than its pre-split dollar value. Although you may choose to \"un-split\" to estimate the original dollar value, it will not provide any additional insights beyond the significant variation of 88%. Regarding the question in the title, the chart should be interpreted as though no split occurred, as it would usually only affect the number of shares owned, and not the stock price itself."}
{"2582": "\n\nIn practical terms, market cap changes constantly, and it is not advisable to base strategic decisions on investor sentiment towards your company's stock. However, executives should remain vigilant of significant swings in their company's share prices as it could indicate important news or information that they are unaware of. It is crucial to consider your shareholders, particularly large institutional players who hold significant voting power to remove unresponsive executives. While swings in market cap mainly affect public perception, companies should have a robust public relations strategy to address any concerns during market events. Sudden drops in share prices may cause consumers to lose trust in the company, therefore impacting future business decisions. Since investors are more emotional than rational, it is impossible to focus on market cap in detail. Instead, business executives must concentrate on making their company successful, and market cap issues will naturally resolve themselves. Good luck!"}
{"2583": "\n\nYou are not the first one to inquire about this matter. During the housing crisis, I witnessed numerous high-value properties being left to their fate. Those who can afford a $5 million mortgage may choose to abandon the asset as it becomes a liability, and take the credit hit for a few years as it may not be necessary for their survival. However, unsecured debts may pose more difficulty as they are supported by personal estate defaults. Creditors can sue and win unless their paperwork has issues. Despite that, credit has its value as a wealthy person, and it is worth observing its worthiness. It can leverage your wealth and expand your funds, improving your overall wealth. Rather than taking a short-sighted approach and disregarding your debt, it is best to leverage your credit and build your wealth from your winnings."}
{"2584": "\n\nIt's important to note that while this action may not be considered a short sale, it could still impact your ability to secure a loan. Some lenders may view it unfavorably and may be hesitant to approve a new FHA loan. The best possible outcome is having an explanation letter ready to explain your actions, but in the worst-case scenario, the lender may require you to wait before obtaining financing.\n\nTo increase your chances, look for a lender with NO FHA overages, meaning they strictly adhere to FHA regulations without imposing additional restrictions on loan approvals. Such a lender will be your best option as they won't add any extra requirements and follow standard FHA protocols."}
{"2585": "\n\nThe policy varies among brokers. For instance, the broker I utilize, Fidelity, permits me to either purchase and then sell or sell and then purchase within a three-day window even if the cash from the first transaction has not settled. However, they do not authorize me to buy, sell, and then buy again with uncollected cash. It is important to note that not waiting for cash to settle may expose you to a good faith violation."}
{"2586": "\n\nI'm just making an assumption, but what do you think about using the Daily Median price instead? StockCharts offers a comparable measure called VWAP - Volume-Weighted Average Price - which I think serves as a better daily 'average' (follow the link for more information)."}
{"2587": "\n\nFees are a major concern for many banking customers. Bank of America (BOA) recently announced a $5 monthly fee for all debit card holders, while Chase has hidden foreign transaction fees. Additionally, BOA notoriously raised credit card interest rates to 28%, which was legal but not well received by customers. Some individuals prefer not to support banks with CEOs who bankrupt the company and receive large payouts upon departure. Some customers also have issues with banks or institutions that suspend accounts based on political or unproven legal proceedings, such as the example of WikiLeaks and BOA. Credit unions are a potential alternative, as they are not privately traded and are not subject to the pressure of shareholders who demand profit above all else. Therefore, they are less likely to engage in similar activities."}
{"2588": "\n\nI define investment risk using two measures. Firstly, I examine the longest period over which an investment has had negative returns. This method works well for long-term investments like retirement. To illustrate, I have my retirement portfolio invested in equity, as the Sensex has not had returns for over a decade, making it risk-free over this period. Secondly, I consider the worst-case fall in the investment value (peak to trough). This method is more suitable for short-term investments, such as saving for a car purchase next year. For this, I may choose a debt fund that has had a worst-case loss of 8% over the past decade. Slightly risky, but with a potential for higher returns. In any case, investment amounts for a car are estimated, and an 8% shortfall may not be significant.\n\nThese measures are simple to comprehend and apply in practical situations, unlike complicated concepts such as beta, standard deviation, or information ratio. While these methods rely on historical data, they remain valuable in assessing risks. Ultimately, accounting for unforeseen future events is impossible without a time machine."}
{"2589": "\n\nI have a recommendation that may seem off-topic, but I believe it's worth your attention - 'The Only Investment Book You'll Ever Need' by Andrew Tobias. Unlike other investment books, it doesn't delve directly into the technicalities of the stock market. Instead, it emphasizes the importance of having a budget and a solid financial foundation before taking on investments. Even if you feel confident in your financial planning skills, this book provides valuable insights that are worth reading."}
{"2590": "\n\nIf you're considering investing in the Windows Phone, your first step should be to research the manufacturer, which is Microsoft. Then, you'll need to determine whether the success of the Windows Phone will increase the share price of Microsoft (which you can do through your own research and deduction). If you believe there is a positive correlation between the two, you may choose to purchase shares of Microsoft. It's important to note that stock exchanges do not offer direct investment opportunities in individual products; you will be investing in the companies that manufacture them. To find the ticker symbol for Microsoft, simply Google it (NASDAQ: MSFT)."}
{"2591": "\n\nThere are several reasons to hedge a position. Below are some of the most prevalent:"}
{"2592": "\n\nThis is commonly known as the \"market value\" of your holdings. It represents the potential revenue you could earn by selling your holdings at the current market price, minus any associated transaction costs."}
{"2593": "\n\nThe risk associated with market orders heavily relies on the market size and the exchange. In a large exchange with high trading volumes for a specific security, there are likely to be ample participants to provide a \"fair\" price. However, placing a market order for a security with low trading volumes can result in a poor deal. In Germany, the Tradegate Exchange and the affiliated bank Tradegate AG have been known to engage in questionable practices. Their market remains open for an extended period compared to Frankfurt's Xetra, resulting in significantly lower liquidity. This may lead to unfulfilled sell or buy orders on the exchange, and Tradegate AG may intervene by providing new offers to fulfill these trades, which could lead to selling high or buying low. More information can be found in an article on wiwo.de, which is available in German or through Google Translate."}
{"2594": "Both options are correct depending on what you are trying to evaluate. If you are only interested in assessing the performance of a specific investment in terms of money in and out, then cash can be disregarded. This approach would be useful if you were considering replacing that investment while maintaining the same in/out method. However, if you want to evaluate the entire investment strategy, including both the investment choice and the in/out strategy, then you must include the cash component. This is essential for the strategy, and would represent your final return if you decided to use it. It's important to note that neither IRR nor CAGR are ideal methods for evaluating investment strategies as they have peculiar timing issues and don't account for risk."}
{"2595": "\n\nThe reciprocity agreement in the Washington DC area means that you only need to pay income taxes to the state where you reside, regardless of where you work. As a resident of Maryland, you are only required to pay income taxes to Maryland. To claim exemption from Virginia withholding, follow the instructions provided in Form VA-4 and file it with your employer for each calendar year. There are several conditions listed on line 3 that allow you to claim exemption, such as having no liability for Virginia income tax or being a domiciliary or legal resident of Maryland, Pennsylvania, or West Virginia. \n\nIf your company's only office is located in Maryland and all business activities are conducted there, you are not required to withhold Virginia income tax from the wages of employees who reside in Virginia and commute to work on a daily basis. However, if you wish to withhold Virginia tax as a courtesy to your employees, you may register for a Virginia withholding tax account online or by submitting a Registration Application. \n\nIf you find that there is not enough tax being withheld from your paycheck, you may request your employer to withhold an additional amount by entering it on line 2."}
{"2596": "\n\nThe perceived risk of buying a property with tenants can vary depending on the situation, but it is generally considered to be a higher risk, especially if you plan to occupy the property yourself. There are several factors to consider, such as the difficulty of showing a property with tenants still occupying it. In most cases, homes show and sell better when they are empty. Many tenants can make the selling process challenging by being unaccommodating, leaving the property in disarray, and generally making the process difficult. In markets with lots of options, buyers may not be willing to bother with scheduling showings at occupied properties.\n\nIt can also be challenging to purchase a property with tenants who insist on being present during showings but won't allow access to the property. Landlords in some areas may not be able to enter the property without permission, even if they have a valid reason. Another issue to consider is the length of the current lease. If there are years remaining on the lease, it may not be possible to buy the property and use it for your purposes for some time.\n\nIt is vital to understand the laws in your area regarding tenant eviction, as it can be a complicated process. Additionally, reviewing the security deposit is also vital, as it may not cover all potential damages tenants could cause when moving out.\n\nBefore making an offer, consider the current tenants' history, such as their monthly income, credit history, criminal record, payment history, and references. If you plan to keep the property as a rental, these checks can help you identify whether they would be good or bad renters.\n\nFinally, it's essential to view the property yourself and determine why it hasn't yet sold. While tenants can be a factor, other underlying issues, such as unfavorable lease agreements, bad smells or unruly renters, could also contribute to the property's difficulty in selling."}
{"2597": "\n\nTo accurately monitor the performance of your investments, it's important to use stock prices that not only reflect the closing price but also account for any dividends, splits, and other changes. The adjusted close price takes into consideration these adjustments, while the straight close price does not. By using the adjusted close, you'll be able to calculate your true percentage change. \n\nFor instance, let's say you invested in the PETS stock and received an $0.18 dividend in July 2015. Before that day, the adjusted close price for the stock would be $0.18 lower per share than the straight close. Suppose the closing price remained at $20.00. The straight close price would indicate no profit, but the adjusted close price would read $19.82 in June 2015, and $20.00 in August 2015. This means that by using the adjusted close price, you'd know that you made a $0.18 profit per share on your investment. \n\nIn summary, utilizing the adjusted close price will provide you with a more accurate reflection of your profit per share, and enable you to track your investment performance effectively."}
{"2598": "\n\nThis linked document, from 1996, describes proposals for a change to a previous system where businesses had to file accounts to determine their tax. It answers the question by explaining the \"current system\" at the time."}
{"2599": "\n\nCurrency typically has a lifespan of no more than 50 years. While US currency has not expired in the last 100 years, it has been reinstated a few times, with the most recent occurrence in 2009. It's worth noting that currency is not simply what you have in your possession, but rather a system that encompasses monetary supply, banking regulations, and government policies. Currency remains in circulation for as long as governments choose to support it. In 2009, for instance, the US government decided to introduce a new currency and printed an entirely fresh money supply. Consequently, the US dollar now counts as \"partially new.\" Although today's dollar will likely still be valid in 200 years, it is probable that there will be new variations of US dollars, Euros, Pounds, and other currencies. Currency serves as a transfer method, but as an economic agent, its lifespan is typically brief. The longevity of a currency isn't solely reliant on inflation; other factors contribute to its decay. Of the world's currencies that have existed, up to 99.99% have completely died out, with government support withdrawing. To date, no currency has survived longer than 100 years. The US dollar has been reinstated a total of six times since its inception in 1860, and in fact, it has been divided into as many as a dozen different currencies for compatibility purposes."}
{"2600": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIt seems you have some understanding of the challenges involved in shorting, such as the possibility of being unable to borrow stock or buy it back later. Additionally, keep in mind that your actions are closely monitored and attempting to evade the rules can have severe consequences. Shorting can be a challenging and high-risk endeavor. With regard to your unspoken question, if you need to seek advice on a public forum like this, it is possible that you are not fully prepared for it."}
{"2601": "\n\nThe requirement is simply to report the highest balance on the account, and it is completely unrelated to your income."}
{"2602": "\n\nInvestors purchase ETFs just like they would any other stock and own them in the same way as an equity investment. Instead of receiving dividends or interest, they collect distributions. The ETF handles all internal operations, including bond maturities and turnover, accrued interest, and payment dates."}
{"2603": "\n\nI will provide an alternative scenario that has a similar cash flow structure. Suppose you only buy 70% of the house currently and agree to purchase the remaining 30% in seven years. To be fair, you would pay 70% of the current value today and then rent the 30% you do not own at a reasonable rate for the next seven years. After seven years, you would pay the remaining 30% of the current value, plus 50% of any increase in the house's value. \n\nHowever, instead of this structure, you pay 70% of today's value upfront and do not pay rent for the portion you do not own. In seven years, you pay 30% of today's value plus 50% of any increase in the value of the house. Essentially, you are exchanging seven years of rent and interest on that portion of the house for 20% of any increase in value. While this may appear disadvantageous, it is still beneficial if the house does appreciate. \n\nOf course, a sound contract is needed with consideration given to unforeseeable events, such as the house burning down or significant increases in value due to renovations. Though one notable advantage is that you carry less risk than if you obtained a loan from a bank, as the relative is responsible for any non-payment."}
{"2604": "\n\nOne potential downside to using leverage, or borrowing to invest, is that the return on your investment must be high enough to justify the cost of finance. For example, the average return on the S&P 500 is roughly 9.8%, while the interest rate on a typical unsecured personal loan ranges between 18-36% APR. This often means that you're paying more in interest than you're earning in returns, leading to a negative return on your margin investment. Additionally, during times when the S&P 500 falls, you can end up paying interest on a losing investment, further compounding your losses.\n\nOf course, if you have stellar credit, you may be able to negotiate a lower interest rate; however, this isn't always possible. Secured loans, such as remortgaging your home, offer lower costs, but come with greater risks.\n\nIt's worth noting that there are other ways to use leverage aside from borrowing directly. Margin trading, for example, allows you to post collateral against a loan to buy securities; this is common among day traders and others who hold stocks for short periods. While financing costs for margin trading are often low (intraday margin trading doesn't incur interest), there are high fees if you exceed the loan term. If you hold a losing position overnight, for example, you will be charged a fee that can ultimately result in a loss of profitability.\n\nBecause margin trading is essentially a loan, there is a risk of being bankrupted by losses. Using leverage in any form magnifies your potential profits, but can also magnify your potential losses. In some cases, these losses can exceed your original investment. In addition to considering the costs of finance, you need to ensure that your return over the course of the loan is higher than inflation and other opportunity costs of capital.\n\nIf you decide to invest using leverage, it's crucial to understand the terms and costs involved. Ensure that you monitor your positions carefully and account for any costs associated with your leverage. Additionally, you need to be aware of what happens if your credit runs out or your leverage ratio becomes too high. Remember, the risks associated with leverage can be mitigated by careful management and consideration of all expenses related to your investment strategy."}
{"2605": "\n\nRevised: Given the current state of the economy, it appears likely that the housing market will suffer a significant downturn once again. To protect myself against potential financial losses and homelessness, I have chosen to invest in multiple properties. Recent projections anticipate a decline in housing prices by as much as 40-60% compared to 2011 rates. This means that individuals who have purchased a home within the last 12 years may lose any accumulated equity in their property. My suggestion is to save money and purchase a home outright, as I have done three times, from someone who has already paid off their mortgage over the course of several years."}
{"2606": "\n\nFor beginner investors, the following resources can provide valuable insights into the stock market: \"Security Analysis\" and \"Intelligent Investor\" by Benjamin Graham, although they can be quite challenging. The \"All About\" book series from McGraw covers a variety of financial topics, including stocks, derivatives, options, futures, and market timing. \"Reminiscences of a Stock Operator\" by Jesse Livermore is a fascinating memoir. \"Memoirs, Poplar Delusions, and the Madness of Crowds\" by Charles Mackay sheds light on the psychological aspects of investing. To learn technical analysis and trading strategies, one can find helpful videos on YouTube and Google. Also, the free version of \"Seeking Alpha\" provides articles on portfolio allocation under the current market conditions. While the premium version requires payment, the aforementioned resources can still provide helpful insights for beginner investors."}
{"2607": "\n\nAlthough FINRA allows you to access information about recent trades, as mentioned in the previous response, bonds tend to be illiquid and may not be traded frequently. As a result, the prices of recent trades only serve as a rough estimate of the current price that may be agreed upon. You may access this information at http://finra-markets.morningstar.com/BondCenter/Default.jsp."}
{"2608": "\n\nThe original text suggests a misunderstanding of the mechanics of a short position. In short, when you open a short position, you borrow shares you don't own and sell them, hoping that the stock will decline. Your profit is the difference between the original sell price and the new lower buy price (less commissions and fees/interest), not the difference in the value of the stock or the extra money you gave the bank. Opening and closing a short position involves two trades, a sell then a buy, and there is no maximum holding period. However, short trades are riskier than long trades, as the maximum loss for a long position is the money you put in, while the maximum loss for a short position is unlimited. To avoid losses, it's recommended to have a buffer in your account, and it may be wise to use put options or get familiar with the strategies before investing real money. The timing and execution of trades are similar whether you take a long or short position."}
{"2609": "\n\nIn the context of accounting, a domain name would be classified as an intangible asset, alongside copyrights and patents. Tangible assets, on the other hand, refer to physical property like buildings and land (sometimes referred to as property, plant, and equipment).\n\nAlthough you could technically list a domain name as a personal expense, it would be poor classification. Both tangible and intangible assets come with additional expenses, such as legal fees or design costs. In these cases, the initial fee or cost would be expensed, but its value would then be added back as a maintenance expense.\n\nFor more information on the tax treatment of domain names as assets, please refer to this resource, and for a more comprehensive definition of intangible assets, please read this article. Additionally, page 11 of this IFRS document provides further clarification on the topic."}
{"2610": "\n\nTo begin with, it is important to determine a rent amount that exceeds the cost of the apartment, which includes expenses such as mortgages, insurance, and maintenance. If you plan on having a long-term rental property, it is essential to generate a profit or at least avoid breaking even, as unexpected costs can result in significant losses. To calculate the minimum rent for an apartment, consider adding up the monthly payment, taxes divided by 12, additional costs you provide, and estimated annual maintenance expenses. Add a percentage of profit to this sum to ensure the rental is profitable. Remember, maintaining a business arrangement that costs you money is not sustainable in the long run. Check the rental market in your area and compare rent prices to determine the appropriate rental rate, as you may be forced to take a loss if the market is depressed. It is likely that your condo is currently renting at a bargain rate, and the calculation above will help you determine a fair rate for your area."}
{"2611": "\n\nInvesting in knowledge always results in the best return, as famously said by Ben Franklin. However, as an individual, the specific opportunities available to you will determine whether this investment pays off for you. Sometimes opportunities come knocking on your door, while other times you may need to create them yourself. For instance, you may have a friend who is starting a side business, or you may find a class available at a minimal cost. To develop a habit of investing, start investing even if only for the sake of the practice, not necessarily for the returns. Before you start investing, it is advisable to have an emergency fund that can cover your expenses for 3-6 months. Though I was eager to invest in stocks, starting with an emergency fund is crucial.\n\nTo cultivate a saving mindset, you may read books like \"Millionaire Next Door\" or other personal finance books. Continue with your saving habits, and once you've secured an emergency fund of the desired amount, turn to investing in Index Funds or ETFs that charge minimal fees. I use Betterment, but Vanguard is also an excellent option as it offers a passive investment, which allows you to ease into investing. I hope this advice helps."}
{"2612": "\n\nThere are numerous car loans available at zero percent interest. By financing your car through this promotional offer, you can then take the money you would have otherwise spent and invest it. For added security, consider investing in a CD with a term that aligns with the length of your car loan, which will earn you around 2% after five years. If you're seeking more substantial returns, consider an asset allocation strategy that moves your funds into higher-risk assets during periods of market growth and back into cash, bonds, or CDs during under-performing periods. This way, you'll be able to keep your car with a zero percent loan while earning a return on your investment, rather than allowing the car company to profit off of your interest payments."}
{"2613": "\n\nYou do have profits, which are whatever is left after deducting expenses from donations received. To report this on your Schedule C, you should include all income received and deduct any applicable expenses such as PayPal fees. Your gross profits will then be calculated and flow to your Net Profit (line 31). Since you had no other expenses to deduct, your Net Profit will be the same as your gross profits. Finally, your Net Profit will be included on your 1040 for the final tax calculation."}
{"2614": "\n\nThe seller has a legitimate reason to request your preapproval, and I have two relevant examples to illustrate this point. As a realtor assisting a client in purchasing a home, I collaborated closely with the buyer's bank to obtain a pre-approval for the proposed purchase amount. When we received a counteroffer and decided to increase our bid, the bank adjusted the numbers on the pre-approval letter accordingly.\n\nOn a personal note, I am currently attempting to sell a property of my own. While I had already negotiated a purchase price and signed a P&S agreement with a potential buyer, they had not yet obtained preapproval for their mortgage. Unfortunately, this individual was then unable to obtain a mortgage, and the transaction has so far fallen through.\n\nI understand and agree with the notion that you should avoid revealing that you can afford more than you initially offer, or demonstrating excessive enthusiasm for the property. Doing so would give the seller an advantage in negotiations."}
{"2615": "\n\nThere are several helpful answers on this website that relate to your question, some with a focus on the US perspective and others without a jurisdictional focus. It is worth reading these answers to gain a well-rounded understanding of early-stage investing. Additionally, there are a few key differences between investing in Canada and the US, including differences in tax regulations, healthcare, and education. \n\nRegarding healthcare and education, it is important to note that the Canadian perspective differs from that of the US, as Canadians have access to government-funded healthcare and education. For investing, there are some general recommendations that apply to both Canada and the US before getting into Canadian-specific investing advice. \n\nOne prominent piece of advice that applies in both countries is to ensure that you have a solid financial foundation before investing. Specific to Canada, some common investment options include Tax Free Savings Accounts (TFSA) and Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSP). With a TFSA, you can contribute a certain amount of money each year to invest in a variety of stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. Any income earned in this account is tax-free, making it an attractive option for short-term liquid investments. \n\nRRSPs, on the other hand, are geared towards long-term investing, with contributions being tax-deductible in the year they are made. Once you withdraw money from an RRSP, it is considered taxable income. It's worth noting that RRSPs are less liquid than TFSA accounts and have some drawbacks, such as fully taxable income and reduced diversity in investment options. \n\nAnother useful Canadian investment option is the Registered Pension Plan, which operates similarly to an RRSP with the added restriction that withdrawals are typically only allowed in retirement. If you are employed, it is worth checking whether your employer offers matching opportunities for contributions to either an RRSP or RPP. \n\nIt's important to be aware of these investment options and tax regulations in Canada, but it's also essential to research them further yourself to ensure accuracy and thoroughness. Remember that tax laws can change over time, and there might be specific details pertinent to your unique situation that are not covered here."}
{"2616": "\n\nBankruptcy law is a complex matter that requires the guidance of an experienced lawyer. Your lawyer should be highly knowledgeable about both the statute and relevant case law in the area where you plan to file. They can advise you on the permissibility of any actions you consider taking and provide counsel as you evaluate whether bankruptcy is the best option for your situation. \n\nYou must understand that filing for bankruptcy entails disclosing a considerable amount of information. You should educate yourself about bankruptcy and ask your lawyer relevant questions about your unique circumstances. It's essential to be aware of potential issues related to your debts and repayments, especially to creditors like relatives. Such actions could prove detrimental to your case, and in some cases, may even be considered criminal, so seeking legal counsel is crucial.\n\nThere are several factors to consider before filing for bankruptcy. Among these factors, it's vital to understand that bankruptcy is governed by federal law, and you'll need to reveal comprehensive details about your financial situation. You'll be required to attend a creditors meeting where you'll need to testify that your provided information is correct. The trustee may raise objections, and your lawyer will need to respond. Be sure to seek legal advice about any potential issues that need addressing. Remember, you are the one seeking relief, and to make informed decisions, you must thoroughly understand the law and your unique situation."}
{"2617": "\n\nRevised: It is impossible to predict the future based solely on past quotes. History cannot be used to successfully trade and it never will be. The movement of quotes is not arbitrary, and it is important to note that the quote does not reflect the actual price of a security. Additionally, past results do not guarantee future success in a brokerage account. It is crucial to only invest money in a brokerage account that you are fully prepared to lose. A prime example of this is when investment firms recommended purchasing shares of Enron, even as its value fell three times before eventually declaring bankruptcy, which should come as no surprise."}
{"2618": "\n\nAccording to Vanguard's best practices for portfolio rebalancing:"}
{"2619": "\n\nDespite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, many still believe in the myth that one can successfully time the market. I understand the fear associated with investing all of one's capital into the stock market, only to see it plummet in value the next day. However, several strategies can help mitigate timing risk. For example, you can avoid investing all your money at once and instead spread your investments over time, such as a few hundred dollars each month. This strategy will average your purchase cost to avoid buying when prices are at their highest. However, this approach may also mean you miss out on potential gains if you leave cash sitting around. Investing in various overseas markets can provide some protection against timing risk, as markets do not always rise and fall in unison. I suggest investing only funds you do not need to withdraw soon to reduce the chance of losing value. Additionally, avoiding monitoring the markets can prevent nervousness and keep you from making poor decisions at the wrong time."}
{"2620": "\n\nYour proposed solution is not viable due to the strict guidelines that banks have regarding FHA loan properties. Remember that FHA only offers insurance to the bank, covering a high percentage of the loan should you default. Banks will not take the risk of violating their insurance policy and having the government refuse to pay them off in the event of a default. Instead, consider alternative options, such as a creative sale of your property, such as a rent-to-own or owner financing deal. As long as you continue to pay the mortgage, the bank will not know that you are not living in the property, and you can rent it out to someone who will eventually buy the property after the agreed-upon timeframe expires. In the meantime, you can search for a new home or condo, either through conventional financing or owner financing, which can be found on the internet. You can use owner financing until the sale of your first property is complete. Alternatively, you can wait for the timeframe to expire and sell your property then. If you bought the property three years ago, you may have some equity, but if you sell, you may have to pay realtor fees and closing costs out of pocket. If you choose to pursue the rent-to-own option, you can sell the property at a slightly higher price, ensuring that you cover these costs. While this solution may be unconventional, it is a viable option that I have used successfully many times in dealing with people who don't want properties. Wishing you good luck, and may God bless your journey!"}
{"2621": "\n\nTo avoid Pattern day trading limits, you'll need either 25k to start or 2k spread across multiple accounts to have access to margin. The key to success is to have more correct trades than incorrect ones. When analyzing potential trades, aim for a 3x potential upside compared to the downside risk. It's crucial to compound your returns daily rather than trying to double your money every day, which isn't sustainable. Aim for a consistent 1% daily return, which could become 75k at the end of a year, although you may need to take breaks or explore other markets on weekends."}
{"2622": "\n\nRevision: When purchasing a security for the second time after a loss, the loss from the previous purchase will be added to its cost basis. Selling at a loss again will increase your losses and disallow the loss from the first sale. Your loss will then be added to the cost basis of the next purchase, reducing your total gains upon taxation. However, if you sell for a gain, both your gains and losses will be taxed. Wash Sales apply to all types of investments, whether in an IRA or a brokerage account. For further information, please refer to this link: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/understanding-the-wash-sale-rules-2015-03-02."}
{"2623": "\n\nMost corporations have a maximum cap on the number of shares that they are allowed to issue, as specified in their corporate charter. Companies generally avoid reaching this limit and sell only a smaller number of shares to retain a buffer for future secondary offerings, employee incentives, etc. A scrip dividend involves distributing authorized shares that were not previously issued, which results in a decrease in the number of shares held for selling in the future for capital. As a result, the assets of the company reduce. In contrast, a split involves dividing every share, including the authorized shares that were not distributed, resulting in a greater number of total shares. The trading price of these shares is typically proportional to the split. However, this split does not reduce the assets of the company."}
{"2624": "\n\nTo make the text more concise and clear, here's a revised version:\n\nBefore deciding between an LLC and a corporation, it's important to understand their similarities and differences. Both have one or more members and can be seen similarly by the IRS, but LLCs can opt for a pass-through tax system, while corporations cannot. In terms of taxes, a flow-through option allows P/L statements to flow through to personal taxes, while a business expense schedule can be filed to claim legitimate business expenses. \n\nWhen it comes to choosing between the two, it depends on whether you have full-time employees or not. S corps limit shares, shareholders, and some deductions, but taxes are only paid by shareholders. C corps have employees, no restrictions on types or number of stock, and no restrictions on the number of shareholders. This means you'll be considered an employee of your business and will have to pay taxes on your income as an individual and as a business. \n\nMost of the differences between LLCs and corporations occur in how profits/losses are distributed between members. If you're considering working with a co-worker, it's best to opt for an LLC, which allows for more flexibility in disbursing funds. A limited liability company with multiple members that elects to be taxed as partnerships may allocate members' shares of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit via the company operating agreement on a basis other than the ownership percentage of each member. \n\nFinally, it's worth noting that the tax rate will be based on personal income for any pass-through entity. This means that the same amount earned from an LLC or an S corp, with the same expenses and the same pass-through options, will be taxed the same. Overall, while there are several differences between LLCs and corporations, the best structure for you depends on your unique situation."}
{"2625": "\n\nThe current text is already in good form. However, here's a slightly revised version:\n\nAlthough it's not considered a high income, I'm not exactly sure how Canadians handle taxes, but here in the U.S, most of us just pay it. While tax-advantaged retirement savings plans and charitable donations can provide some tax benefits, as well as mortgage incentives and other similar programs, the best course of action is to acknowledge that the income tax money was never truly yours to begin with."}
{"2626": "\n\nThere is no obligation to start a company; you can work as a freelancer. However, you are required to report your income and file returns. If your income exceeds the exempt limit, you must pay taxes. If you do not already have one, it is necessary to apply for a PAN number."}
{"2627": "\n\nUnfortunately, my taxes are often complex, which makes keeping documents all the more important. While the previous response provided a good summary, it's important to note that the IRS can investigate fraudulent income claims up to 7 years prior. As an example, when I sold a rental property that I owned since 1987 in 2016, retaining my tax returns helped me establish the basis and avoid any erroneous claims. Hence, I have kept all of my tax returns since 1980, which occupies one drawer of a file cabinet and doesn't cause much trouble."}
{"2628": "\n\nIn reality, markets do not always function efficiently and participants are not always rational. As a result, we experience booms and busts within markets. The decisions made by investors and traders are often influenced by emotions and psychology, and can result in unpredictable and irrational behavior. Consequently, stocks may be undervalued or overvalued in comparison to their true value. Additionally, the different methods of analysis used by market participants can lead to varying valuations of a stock. This is why liquid markets always present numerous opportunities for profit or loss. Conducting thorough research and analysis, through fundamental and technical analysis or a combination of the two, is crucial. For instance, fundamental analysis can guide purchasing decisions while technical analysis can determine the best time to buy. Engaging in careful research involves becoming educated, developing a clear plan, conducting rigorous analysis, making investments and trades according to the plan, and having a sound risk management strategy. Unfortunately, many individuals are unwilling to invest the time and effort into research, leading to costly mistakes such as relying on others to conduct research or succumbing to speculation based on hot tips."}
{"2629": "\n\nThe interpretation of the situation can affect the outcome, but the general idea is that if you buy a share at $50 and the price increases to $55, you have an unrealized profit of $5. You can choose to sell and realize the profit, or hold onto the position with the expectation of further price appreciation. Regardless of your decision, you should base it on the latest traded price of $55, rather than the initial purchase price. If the price drops to $52 in the next trade, you would have a loss of $3 on your previous profit of $5. This allows you to make decisions based on the most recent price level, similar to a Markov process. In essence, it doesn't matter how the stock price and your position's P&L arrived at the current point; your focus should be on the present/latest price level."}
{"2630": "\n\nTo simplify, being long is equivalent to betting on the stock's increase in value, while being short is equivalent to betting on its decrease. When you are long on options, you expect their value to rise. When you own an option, you are considered long, and when you have sold it, you are considered short. A short call option means the writer has sold it to the buyer who is now long. Buying a call option is an investment that can increase in value like stocks. The option's value changes with the underlying, and therefore, being long-on an option means being long on its underlying. Buying a long call option requires less initial investment than buying the underlying stock, but it also comes with its own risks. When you buy a share of stock, you acquire ownership rights to the corporation's profits and assets. When you buy an option, you are obtaining a specific right to the stock. Essentially, options are a way to formalize and subdivide property rights within a corporation. It is possible to have a piece of paper with rights to corporate profits and assets, and then to purchase another piece of paper with rights to the first piece."}
{"2631": "\n\n\"I currently use Moneydance on my Mac after having used Quicken on a PC until version 2007. While Quicken was good and could handle most simple investment related tasks, I had to input the prices of mutual funds manually. However, it was able to automatically download prices for regular stocks.\""}
{"2632": "\n\nIf the child is classified as a dependent, the question of who will pay for tuition is irrelevant. Typically, parents will cover some, most, or all of the tuition expenses. This will not create any tax complications for the student. Payment of tuition expenses will also aid in establishing the student's status as a dependent, eliminating the need to transfer funds to the student's account. Payments can be made directly to the school without any issue. For future expenses, one can utilize accounts such as 529s pre-paid accounts and Coverdell savings accounts. However, these accounts may have both advantages and disadvantages, as they can impact taxes and financial aid determinations."}
{"2633": "\n\nIf you can secure financing, you should be able to refinance the vehicle under your name alone. Since you are already listed on the vehicle registration, there would be no need for a sale, and no additional sales tax would be incurred. To remove the other person from the vehicle registration, leaving you as the sole registered owner in New York, simply file an MV-82 form, at a cost of $3. For more information, visit https://dmv.ny.gov/registration/register-vehicle-more-one-owner-or-registrant."}
{"2634": "\n\nOnline forms for Colorado LLCs are available. The dissolution form and instructions can be accessed through this link, whereas the IRS instructions can be found here. To close your business account, simply send a letter to the Internal Revenue Service at Cincinnati, Ohio 45999. The letter should include the complete legal name of your entity, its EIN, business address and the reason why you want to close the account. If you have a copy of the EIN Assignment Notice that was issued when your EIN was assigned, please attach it to your letter. Please note that you might need to file an initial/final tax return if you had any transactions. Overall, the process seems to be straightforward."}
{"2635": "\n\nThe focus of this text is on how banks work and the importance of government deposit insurance. Banks take deposits and lend money out through mortgages, but this creates a problem when customers believe their deposits are always available for withdrawal, when in fact much of the money has been loaned out. In the event of a \u201crun on the bank,\u201d where many customers withdraw their money at the same time, the bank may fail. To prevent this, deposit insurance was introduced, where the government steps in with cash to protect clients\u2019 deposits. This ensures that customers don\u2019t panic and withdraw all their money, which can lead to a financial crisis. \n\nThe text also explains that mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) operate differently. Customers understand that their money is being invested and not held in a vault, so government insurance is not needed to maintain confidence in the investment. However, the author notes that the wording of the explanation could be improved."}
{"2636": "\n\nTo ensure that your computers are not infected with a key-logger program, it's necessary to run a virus scan. Additionally, it's advisable to designate an old computer specifically for accessing your bank accounts and no other purpose. In the event of an infection on your computer, logging into your accounts could compromise your credit cards."}
{"2637": "\n\nTo gain a better understanding of the potential outcome of participating in the futures markets, it is crucial to first comprehend the ways in which the slope of these markets can be described. Many futures markets offer the opportunity for someone to purchase a commodity at the spot price and sell a futures contract on it, provided they can store the commodity. However, storing commodities incurs expenses that can drive up the futures price above the spot price. For example, in the case of stock index futures, the holder may receive a potential benefit by having stocks in an index. \n\nThere are varying characteristics of futures markets, with different slopes determined by the relationship between spot and futures prices. Upward sloping futures markets are considered normal, while downward sloping futures markets are referred to as inverted. If the futures market is high enough above the spot price, then it can be called in contango. In contrast, if the futures market is below the point where the commodity can be profitably stored for the future, then the market can be called in backwardation. \n\nIt's important to consider the cost associated with buying futures contracts since buyers are required to hold the contract for a certain period of time. Therefore, the question of how much money can be made or lost depends on whether the price change is related to the spot price or the futures price. In most cases, it's assumed that changes in the futures price will be similar to changes in the spot price. However, for larger price changes, the difference between the expected spot price change in relation to the expected future price change will be more significant. \n\nIf the price eventually goes up, any future gains will be offset by the cost of holding the contract. Conversely, if the price goes down, this holding cost should be factored into the losses. If the contract was purchased above the spot price, then the price will slowly drift toward the spot price, resulting in the holder incurring holding costs. If the price of gold remains the same as the current spot price, then the holder will only be left with this holding cost."}
{"2638": "\n\nRevised: Accurate scanned or electronic copies of invoices are acceptable for audit purposes. If you engage an accountant to prepare your taxes, you must provide them with either a copy of the invoices or a summary of the corresponding amounts to be claimed. While personal preference dictates, it may be helpful to have a printed copy to file along with other tax documents for the quarter and year. As an individual doing my own taxes, I find paper copies advantageous for cross-checking each invoice or receipt against my record. Though electronic copies make sense for handling a large volume of documents, choose a system that you are comfortable with and can use efficiently."}
{"2639": "\n\nBased on my experience, Shiller consistently makes predictions that are ahead of their time, often to the point that they are not immediately relevant for those seeking short-term profits. However, his long-term perspective inspires confidence in me, largely due to the accuracy of his past predictions about events such as the homepocalypse and subsequent bailouts, which he anticipated in his book \"Irrational Exuberance\". These predictions were initially dismissed as pessimistic or manipulative, but the events of recent years have shown that Shiller's foresight was correct.\n\nAlthough Shiller's predictions can be challenging to accept, I believe that he provides valuable insights. While the derivatives market remains cautious about investing in housing indexes, I believe Warren Buffet's advice to \"buy when everyone is selling and sell when everyone is buying\" is applicable. In my opinion, Shiller's judgment and his unwavering commitment to his predictions, even in the face of persistent doubts, make him a trustworthy source. Given the current undervaluation of the housing market and increasing stringency of mortgage applications, I believe that investing in real estate is a wise long-term strategy, and I have confidence that Shiller's predictions will continue to prove accurate."}
{"2640": "\n\nI utilize Banktivity which comes at a cost, but it offers the convenience of automatic downloads of my bank and credit card transactions along with comprehensive reporting features."}
{"2641": "\n\nI am uncertain of any legal obligation for a separate bank account. However, please bear in mind that withdrawals from your LLC are limited to three options: salary (subject to tax), dividend (subject to tax), or loan (which requires repayment, particularly in the event of LLC bankruptcy). To avoid any discrepancies, ensure meticulous bookkeeping."}
{"2642": "\n\nRevised: \n\nPlease note that the trading price of $47.67 per share only applies to the OLD Johnson Controls and should not be used to calculate your gains or new basis in Johnson Controls International. Your new basis should be determined by adding the gross proceeds received, which include both the cash and the fair market value of the shares received in the merger. The fair market value of new shares was $45.69 per share, and ignoring fractional shares, a person with 100 shares of the old company would have received $572.93 in cash and 83.57 shares of the new company. Proceeds from the new shares equal to 83 x $45.69 = $3792.72, plus the cash received, for a total of $4365.20 should be considered as your new basis in the 83 new shares. Please note that since the new basis is at fair market value, no gain or loss should be recognized upon the sale of fractional shares."}
{"2643": "\n\nIf the default occurs due to a significant monetary inflation rather than being explicitly communicated as \"no interest payment on bonds,\" it's crucial to pay off your mortgage as soon as possible. There might not be a long period to do so. In case the currency loses its value, your ability to repay will depend on the assets you own that can be accepted by the lender. If you don't have anything valuable to offer, the lender can claim their entitled payment, and you may face foreclosure on your notes."}
{"2644": "\n\nTo effectively prioritize your loan payments, it is important to understand the terms of your loan contract. In general, it is recommended to pay off loans with the highest interest rate first. However, if one loan has a significantly larger fixed payment than the others, it may be wise to tackle that one first despite its interest rate. In such a scenario, refinancing could also be an option.\n\nAdditionally, it may be socially and economically advantageous to prioritize repaying a cosigned loan either through rapid repayment or refinancing. Regarding prepayment, it's best to assess the caveats before making monetary decisions. As a personal recommendation, a tight-aggressive financing approach might be suitable for some, but it may not be ideal for everyone. Ultimately, it's essential to weigh your options carefully and make informed choices."}
{"2645": "\n\nSince paying down a liability and increasing asset equity is not considered an expense, GnuCash will not include it in any expense reports. However, there is a workaround that can be used to achieve the desired outcome. You can begin by dividing the mortgage payment into principle, interest, and escrow/tax/insurance accounts. As an example, the mortgage payment can be recorded as a split transaction that allocates funds into these accounts from your bank account.\n\nTo ensure completeness, the escrow account should be periodically used to pay for actual expenses, which will move the expense from escrow into insurance or tax. This approach prevents expenses from being inflated due to tax payments made in a given month. In most cases, all parts of the mortgage payment will appear in expense reports, except for the principle portion.\n\nTo circumvent this issue, you can create a principle expense account and a fictional equity account that funds it. Each time you record a mortgage payment, transfer funds from the equity account into the Principle Payments expense account. Although this approach invents a non-existent expense, it helps make the Income/Expense report more meaningful, particularly when using GnuCash to monitor monthly cash flow.\n\nTo illustrate, here is an example transaction split:"}
{"2646": "\n\nIn the realm of personal finance, this is commonly referred to as an Emergency Fund. Opinions vary on the ideal size, though most experts suggest setting aside 3-6 months\u2019 worth of average expenses. Keeping more than that may lead to losing money to inflation, while keeping less could result in financial troubles if faced with job loss or medical emergencies."}
{"2647": "\n\nETFs are traded on specific exchanges. You can access them through your broker if they deal with those exchanges. However, if your broker does not deal with the particular exchange where the ETF is traded, you won't have access through that broker. This is unlike mutual funds, which are not traded on exchanges and are proprietary to specific brokerages or financial institutions."}
{"2648": "\n\nIf you only require stock analysis and not interested in the additional features provided by Bloomberg and Reuters such as derivatives and FX, consider using WorldCap. It is a mobile application that provides a comprehensive analysis of global stocks. Alternatively, you can also check out FactSet and S&P CapitalIQ. I would like to mention that I am personally associated with WorldCap."}
{"2649": "\n\nNothing is impossible! \ud83d\ude0a You can purchase this car directly from the manufacturer's factory, but you will have to cover the cost of sea shipping. For example, if you purchase from Japanese Toyota, you will need to pay for sea cargo to transport the car in a container from Japan. As the car will already be in your possession before importing to the US, it's doubtful that you will have to pay any customs fees. Ultimately, the total cost may be much cheaper than buying it locally, but you should be ready to deal with any logistical challenges that may arise."}
{"2650": "\n\nIn the past, I've observed that businesses withhold taxes on the value of the gift, similar to how a bonus is handled. However, there may be alternative ways to avoid taxes, such as having your boss purchase the gift for you as a personal gift. I'm unsure of all the legal methods to avoid taxes in this situation."}
{"2651": "\n\nRevised: Dividend payments and funding new projects through debt can help alleviate the agency problem. Using debt to finance projects increases the potential consequences of a failure, motivating managers to work towards achieving success. Along with dividend payments, this creates benefits for shareholders. If funds are solely allocated towards the project rather than being paid out as equity, the manager may lose interest in the project's success. Moreover, in case of failure, shareholders would be worse off."}
{"2652": "\n\nIf you are seeking higher returns, it may be necessary to accept greater risk. The various options available, from lowest to highest returns and corresponding risk, include bank savings accounts, term deposits, online savings accounts, offset accounts (if you have a mortgage), fixed-interest investments such as bonds, property, and stock markets. For potentially higher returns, derivatives such as options or CFDs, FX or futures are available but carry higher risks. However, like any investment, some risks can be managed to a certain extent. CMC Markets charges $11 commission up to $10,000 trade, which is a reasonable fee. For instance, if you invest $7,000, the cost of entering and exiting a position would be less than 0.32%. Nevertheless, brokerage costs may be slightly higher if investing in more than one company. Full-service brokerage fees can reach $100 or more for both entering and exiting positions. Before making any investment decisions, it is crucial to educate yourself."}
{"2653": "\n\n\nThe knowledge of log return is valuable as it helps in determining the annual return over the estimated period and can be compared between different stocks. However, it is important to calculate it accurately by factoring in dividends appropriately."}
{"2654": "\n\nYour perception of banks and bankers is misguided. Wall Street banks are not infallible and can lose significant sums of money. In fact, banks can go bankrupt or require government bailouts to survive from time to time. Investment banking involves shouldering risks for clients, which inevitably results in losing money occasionally. While most individual transactions do not threaten the entirety of the bank, some risks in investment banking carry the potential of great losses. With regard to your question of how underwriters profit when shares lose value prior to the sale, the explanation is simple: they make a commission. Typically, underwriters receive a predetermined percentage of the proceeds from the sale, irrespective of the actual stock price. Though in some cases, the underwriter's contract may include a minimum price that they are unable to attain. In such a scenario, the underwriter would indeed lose money, undermining your false assumptions. Furthermore, you ask why secondary offerings are viewed negatively. The answer is that if insiders hold private information that an overvaluation exists, then they may profit significantly from a secondary offering at an inflated price. Investors are aware of this possibility, and so, they are cautious when a secondary offering is announced. This can discourage companies from issuing a secondary offering, even if the stocks are reasonably-priced. For this reason, a company that announces a secondary offering is likely to be met with suspicion, even if the shares are discounted."}
{"2655": "\n\nHow would this trade realistically perform? I am uncertain how the simulation manages limit orders and bid/ask spreads to determine feasibility, but buying at $4.04 when the current ask is $8.00 appears improbable. This would indicate that all other sell orders between $8.00 and $4.04 were met, indicating very few sellers or an unexpected spike in sell pressure, both of which seem unlikely. In reality, it is more probable that your order would remain inactive until the ask drops to $4.04 (if it ever does), and then you would have to wait until the bid rises to $7.89 to sell them at that price. Nevertheless, dramatic fluctuations in option prices are not unrealistic. Options trading near at-the-money tend to change at about 50% of the shift in the underlying, meaning if Amazon suddenly dropped by $5, the option price could decrease by $2.60 (from $6.66 to $4.04) and subsequently rise back to $7.89 if the price increased by $8 (which would represent a 1% swing and is not unheard of intra-day). However, it seems as though you experienced extremely good luck (or the simulation does not realistically depict option trading). I have traded options in the past and, like you, have experienced some lucky breaks. However, I have also had terrible breaks where I lost all of my investment (the options expired out-of-the-money). Consequently, options should make up a limited portion of your portfolio and should only be used for risk management (e.g. buying put options to secure some profits while maintaining some upside potential)."}
{"2656": "\n\nThis is a complex question, and I recommend consulting a tax professional with expertise in non-resident alien and foreign expat taxation. Additionally, you should review any applicable tax treaties between your home country and the US. It is not advisable to seek free advice on online forums, as errors can be costly. Generally speaking, selling stocks alone is not considered \"effectively connected\" to the US for tax purposes. However, if these stocks were acquired through an ESPP, it may be considered income earned from providing personal services, and therefore effectively connected. Assuming you are filing a 1040NR, the broker likely withheld taxes due to the income being treated as effectively connected."}
{"2657": "\n\nTo resolve this issue, we decided to establish a foreign bank account in every country where we conduct business. Additionally, we arranged for a credit card processing service in each location. This way, we could earn and store revenue within the respective countries and periodically transfer the profits to our US account on a quarterly basis."}
{"2658": "I am confused about how a 4K loan could negatively affect your credit score if payments are made on time. FICO scores are based on how well you borrow and pay back on time. This should not negatively impact your score in the long run and may even improve it. If you are concerned about your score, you could consider using a credit card, but keep in mind that this may increase your interest payments in the short term. Using a significant portion of your available credit may also have a slight negative impact on your score in the short term, but this should improve as you make payments. If you are not planning on buying a home in the near future, a small short-term dip in your score should not greatly affect your life. However, it is important to remember that prioritizing your FICO score may not always be wise or indicative of wealth."}
{"2659": "\n\nRevised: Generally, SMSFs are prohibited from acquiring assets from related parties, whether purchased or contributed to the fund. However, there are some exceptions to this rule, such as acquiring listed securities, business real property, or units in a widely held unit trust at market value. In-house asset rules apply to investments made by the SMSF in a related company or trust, assets leased to a related party, or loans made to a related company or trust. While these assets are not prohibited, they are limited to 5% of the fund's market value. If your Western Australian Rock Lobster fishery quota units are not among the exceptions, you cannot transfer them to your SMSF."}
{"2660": "\n\nSection Four of the amendment states that the public debt of the United States, including debts incurred for payments of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, authorized by law, shall remain valid and unquestioned. This provision allows President Obama to obtain the necessary funding without any doubt or scrutiny. Detailed information on this subject can be found in these recommended articles, here and here."}
{"2661": "\n\nI prefer to pay in cash instead of taking out a car loan that can result in being upside-down on the loan between 18-30 months due to pre-paying interest, leading you to financial trouble if there's an accident. However, considering the low rate and the kind of car you're purchasing, you'll most likely be fine either way."}
{"2662": "\n\nThe broker is likely to provide information to the IRS, thus eliminating any possibility of anonymity at that level..."}
{"2663": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows:\n\nIt's important to understand that S-Corps don't pay dividends, but rather make distributions. This distinction is significant, as it affects how the income is reported and taxed. When you fill out form 1120S and schedule K-1 per shareholder, you'll see that the income of your S-Corp is categorized into various types. You'll need to copy these categories onto your personal tax return as personal income, not as dividend income.\n\nOne advantage of taking distributions instead of salary is that you won't have to pay self-employment taxes on the distribution amount. However, to prevent abuse, the IRS requires that you pay yourself a reasonable salary. Keep in mind that all income from the S-Corp is subject to your regular income tax rate, unless it falls into a preferred category.\n\nIf you're new to S-Corps, it's a good idea to consult a tax professional for guidance. It's also important to note that all S-Corp income must be distributed; it's not optional. Finally, please be aware that nothing in this answer should be construed as tax advice specifically tailored to your situation. A circ 230 disclaimer is necessary to clarify that this information should not be used to avoid penalties that may be imposed on taxpayers."}
{"2664": "\n\nIf you are employed by someone else and receive a salary, your employer should be deducting estimated taxes from your pay and remitting them to the government. The amount of tax deducted depends on your income and the information you provided on your W-4 form. If you completed the form accurately, your employer will withhold an amount that should closely reflect the taxes you would owe if you took the standard deduction, had no other income, and no unique deductions. If this applies to you, you will likely receive a minimal refund when tax season arrives. On the other hand, if you are an independent contractor or own a small business, you are responsible for estimating the taxes you owe and making quarterly payments. If you are concerned that your withholdings are not accurate, you can reference previous year's tax forms (or the most recent available) to calculate your estimated yearly income and taxes owed."}
{"2665": "As you likely know from reading Hull's classic, the valuation of bonds is fundamentally tied to the risk of the entity defaulting on those bonds. Let's focus on the United States and their debt issuance strategy. The US has an upper hand over corporations in issuing bonds, since it has the ability to print the currency that the debt is denominated in. This makes defaulting on debt less likely, as the US can always print more money to pay it off. However, printing excessive currency can lead to inflation and diminish the value of debt - this includes US corporate bonds. Therefore, highly-rated corporate bonds have a similar interest rate to government debt, with a slight increase due to the extra default risk of the corporation.\n\nThe situation with AA-rated governments is more complex. Most governments have debt denominated in their local currency, which would suggest them to have similar interest rates. However, some governments have higher or lower rates compared to the US. This is due in part to the risk of printing too much currency during times of crisis, as well as the international flow of money. However, the primary difference in interest rates between AA governments is influenced by money flow, central banks, and regulation. Bonds are primarily traded based on supply and demand, which is heavily influenced by governments. Central banks, for example, may purchase substantial amounts of debt, which increases demand and lowers rates. Regulators may also require banks to hold specific amounts of treasuries, thereby inflating demand.\n\nRegarding your question, the US has certain advantages arising from its long history of stability, controlled inflation, and a substantial economy, making treasuries highly valuable as low-risk investments. As a result, their interest rates are often on the low end. However, government manipulation can also impact interest rates, meaning the US is not always the lowest."}
{"2666": "\n\nIt is important to note that certain banks operating in the US do not work with Fannie Mae and are not bound by regulations pertaining to conforming loans. For instance, a popular bank provides two different sets of rates, with the second being applicable to loans amounting to over $750,000 (inclusive of everything below that) as evidenced on their website: https://home.ingdirect.com/orange-mortgage/rates"}
{"2667": "\n\nThe Telegraph recently published an article about Mutual Funds in the UK that outperformed the market and trackers for both IT and UT for the past 30 years. The article can be found at http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/investing/11489789/The-funds-that-have-returned-more-than-12pc-per-year-for-THIRTY-years.html."}
{"2668": "\n\nRevised: Although it may seem unconventional, I suggest using $5K of the funds to purchase Jack Daniel's whiskey, as I believe it may appreciate in value over the next five years more than the $10K deposited in a bank. With the likelihood of a major downward adjustment in the dollar, it's difficult to imagine its survival. Worst case scenario, you can share the whiskey as holiday gifts. However, converting your US dollars into tangible assets makes sense given the ongoing trend of money printing without any signs of slowing down."}
{"2669": "\n\nIf payment is not made by the due date on the invoice, the transaction becomes null and void, and the artwork can be sold to another client. To prevent such situations in the future, it would be wise to implement a sales contract and agreement of original transfer of artwork for all future sales. The contract should incorporate either full payment at the time of signing or a deposit at signing with full payment due within a certain number of days after delivery. Additionally, the contract must stipulate a late fee for non-payment and specify how long the artwork will be held before the client forfeits their deposit and rights to the work.\n\nFurthermore, it is wise to have a grace period in case the client changes their mind about the purchase. You can make it zero grace period, making all sales final and upon signing of the agreement, the client agrees to the terms and is locked into the sale. If they refuse to honor the agreement, they forfeit all deposits paid.\n\nA similar agreement can be implemented in a custom web design business requiring a deposit of 50% in advance before work can commence, an additional 25% at the time the client accepts the design/layout, and the final 25% at delivery of the finished product. If the client fails to meet the requirements of the contract for the second or third installment payments, all money paid is forfeited, and the client owes 70% of the total quoted project price for wasting the company's time. However, enforcing these stipulations is rarely necessary.\n\nRequiring a deposit ensures the client is serious about purchasing the work of art or product because they have invested some of their money. The deposit is similar to earnest money paid when buying a house."}
{"2670": "\n\nRevised: It's important to note that paying a spread is a given, and not doing so will result in losing out. When using stop losses, especially when going long, consider the support lines. If the stock is on an upward trend but experiencing a decline due to profit-taking, positioning yourself closest to the next support line is your best bet. By placing your stop just below the support, you increase your chances of a winning position since most technical analysts view support as a buy-back area. The opposite applies during a bear market. Once you've taken your position and the market moves beyond the first resistance line, it's advisable to adjust your stop just below that line since resistance becomes support once broken. This approach enables you to secure profitable positions and repeat the process as you break the next resistance level."}
{"2671": "\n\nYou have posed several questions and I will do my best to address them. I have also quoted each of your questions before my response. \n\nRegarding purchasing rental property in Canada as a foreigner, there are several considerations to keep in mind, such as location, finances, and other basic suggestions. Some of the ins and outs will depend on the province you are considering and the area within that province. For example, if you plan to own property in Montreal, you (or someone) will need to operate in the French language. The Canada dollar is currently weak, so it could be an excellent time to buy property in Canada. The non-resident tax rate is applied at 25% on the gross rental income paid or credited to you, but you may choose to elect under section 216 of the Income Tax Act, which allows you to pay tax on your net Canadian-source rental income, providing that the non-resident tax withheld by the payer is more than the amount of tax payable calculated on your section 216 return. You can find additional information regarding tax guidelines at Canada Revenue's site. The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation site is a good resource for statistics and other relevant information.\n\nThe market information for condos and townhomes may be found on the stat site mentioned above, and the down payment requirements for non-owner-occupied properties are at least 20%. Regarding the issue of double taxation, you may claim the foreign tax credit to avoid this; additional information about this and property taxes is available in IRS Topic 514 - Foreign Tax Credit and Publication 856 - Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals. \n\nThere may be exceptions and stipulations based on your particular circumstance, so it is essential to do your research and gather additional information on your own. Further investigation into these topics will prove helpful in making informed decisions."}
{"2672": "\n\nUltimately, addressing this issue goes beyond finances and requires a change in habits. If you are helping a friend, then this advice is one step removed from personal advice. The key is to recognize the cause-and-effect relationship between one's desired goals and current habits. For example, if your friend wants to lose weight, they should ask themselves if a healthy, energetic person would sit and eat chips in front of the TV. Similarly, your friend should connect their expenses with their desired savings goal. Although your friend may prefer takeout to saving a small percentage of their travel expenses, they must make a conscious decision to choose wisely. However, if cooking is a challenge for your friend, this requires a different discussion. As a guide, you may need to instruct your friend on essential skills, such as cooking. For instance, I taught my daughter how to prepare her meals so she can be comfortable cooking on her own. Keep this in mind when guiding your friend."}
{"2673": "\n\nRevised: Interest rates are typically stated annually to facilitate comparisons. However, when determining the best option for your situation, simply calculating the rate or total interest for the entire term, such as 10, 15, or 30 years, may not be sufficient. To illustrate, consider a car's gas mileage. Reporting how many gallons of gas a car will consume over its lifetime is not very useful when trying to decide between vehicles. A car that uses 5000 gallons of gas may not necessarily be a better choice than one that uses 6000 gallons but has a longer lifespan."}
{"2674": "\n\nThe Smith Maneuver involves leveraged investing, meaning you're gambling on the stock market using borrowed money. Although not as dangerous as getting money from a loan shark in Vegas to play blackjack, there's always the risk that the market could collapse, causing your investment's value to rapidly drop. Your level of risk depends on the specific investments you choose and how diversified they are. For example, if you only buy Canadian stocks, you're at risk of losing a lot if something happened to the country's economy. However, if Canadian equities only account for 3.6% of your total investments and you hold stocks in many different countries, the diversification will reduce the overall risk. \n\nIt's worth noting that many people using the Smith Maneuver prefer to purchase Canadian high-yield dividend stocks for the purpose of accelerating the process. They use the dividends to pay down their mortgage before borrowing more to invest it. However, if something were to happen to those Canadian companies, investors could lose a significant portion of their investment value and suddenly find themselves with additional debt from HELOC or re-advanceable mortgage, without enough value in the investments to offset it. This could result in an inability to pay off the mortgage by retirement."}
{"2675": "The Globe and Mail recently published an article detailing alternatives for utilizing your RRSPs. However, it should be noted that this article was written in early 2011 and rules may have changed since then. One suggestion they offered was the option of holding your own mortgage within your RRSP. Essentially, if you have $100,000 already in your RRSP and your remaining mortgage is $100,000, you can use that money to pay off your mortgage, pay back the money at interest and generate a tax-deferred profit in your RRSP. This method may be a viable option, but it is recommended that you discuss this with your accountant first. On the other hand, lending money from your RRSP to someone else for a second mortgage carries a high level of risk and should be dealt with cautiously. Once an RRSP contribution is made, that contribution room is used up with the exception of the life-long learning plan. Hence, if you use $100,000 of your RRSP to loan to someone for a second mortgage, any interest payments are sheltered within the RRSP (as a substantial benefit). Nevertheless, if that person defaults on the second mortgage, which is a significant possibility, you stand to lose your entire $100,000 contribution room and the $100,000 that was loaned out. It is not easy to determine if it is wise to invest in risky second-mortgage loans, and it cannot be said for sure whether this investment should be executed within an RRSP. It is important to recognize that there are substantial risks involved in the loan, as well as both costs and benefits to the RRSP option. Hopefully, this information has assisted in guiding your decision-making process."}
{"2676": "\n\nIf you hold sufficient assets at T Rowe Price, you are entitled to a reduced version of the portfolio tracker at no cost."}
{"2677": "\n\nPresumably, you are referring to the various share classes introduced during the recent stock split, resulting in three distinct Google share classes. While Class A shares hold voting rights, Class C shares do not. It remains to be seen if the value of Class A shares will exceed that of Class C shares. Some might argue that a non-voting share in a company with no dividend payments has no worth. However, it is unlikely that the markets will share this viewpoint."}
{"2678": "\n\nNSCC illiquid charges refer to fees applied to low-priced over-the-counter (OTC) securities with low trading volumes. Your firm's open net buy quantity, which is the total unsettled share amount per stock at any given time during a 3-day settlement cycle, must be less than 5,000,000 shares per stock. This means that you are not allowed to hold a long position of more than 5 million shares in an illiquid OTC stock without incurring a fee, even if you accumulate this size position through multiple transactions. Additionally, your open net sell quantity, which is the total unsettled share amount per stock at any given time during a 3-day settlement cycle, must be less than 10% of the 20-day average volume. If you sell a number of shares greater than 10% of the stock's average volume over the last 20 days, you will also face a fee.\n\nIt is important to note that even if your account does not meet the criteria, you may still be charged a fee for trading OTC stocks. This is because these restrictions are applied at the level of the clearing firm, not the individual client. Therefore, if other investors in your broker or even in another broker that uses the same clearing firm purchase more than 5 million shares in an individual OTC stock at the same time, all of your accounts may face fees. Although these fees are assessed to the clearing firm, the clearing firm usually passes them along to the broker and charges a fee to the individual account(s) that triggered the restriction.\n\nWhen buying OTC/pink sheet stocks, your ability to buy or sell is dependent on finding someone else to buy from/sell to. If you purchase shares and there aren't enough buyers to buy all of them from you when you attempt to sell them in the future, you might not be able to complete your order at the desired price or even at all."}
{"2679": "\n\nIt is recommended to have between 2-4 credit cards with a credit utilization ratio under 30%. Closing one of only two cards can negatively impact credit diversity and shorten credit history, leading to a lowered credit score. It is best to keep at least 1-2 older cards, even if they are not the best. If you currently have 4 cards, adding a 5th and then cancelling one down to 4, or cancelling one down to 3 and then adding a 4th, can have little net effect on credit score. However, there may still be some impact as this decreases the age of credit and opens new credit, which negatively affects credit scores. If there are any installment loans, such as a car loan, or a new mortgage, it is recommended to wait 3 months after the most recent credit activity to allow changes to settle. It is beneficial for both spouses to have separate credit cards, which can increase the total available credit to 4-8 and allow for greater benefits."}
{"2680": "\n\nAnother effect to consider is that Australian-based companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, but with a significant portion of their business operations conducted overseas, will experience an increase in earnings denominated in AU$. This is because the majority of their profits will be in foreign currencies. As a result, their shares are likely to appreciate in value (in terms of AU$)."}
{"2681": "\n\nA C-Corp is a separate legal entity that is not considered a pass-through entity. Therefore, the Corporation is responsible for paying any applicable taxes. If you use the points earned to purchase something for personal use, it would be considered as \"income\" and subjected to taxes on your personal income tax return."}
{"2682": "\n\nThe official website www.sedar.com grants access to a plethora of public securities documents and information that have been filed by public companies and investment funds with the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) in the SEDAR filing system. It is likely that the document mentioned is the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A), which numerous companies have listed on the site."}
{"2683": "\n\nYes, you can use your business name and address in the From section of a money order. The price of the money order covers only the order itself. If you prefer to mail it, you'll need to supply an envelope and postage. Remember that without a bank record, it's essential to keep records like the money order stub and get a receipt from the contractor. Hand delivery is also an option."}
{"2684": "\n\nThe company recently released its 2nd Quarter Revenue of $1,957,921, however, the stock did not show any upward movement. This raises the question, if the company is generating profits, why is the stock not increasing? Between earnings announcements, analysts frequently publish their evaluations of a company, which often includes their assessment of the company's value and future earnings. Companies also provide guidance as part of their earnings reports, which is their projection for the upcoming quarter. However, these estimates are typically conservative to ensure they are achievable. Investors base their buying and selling decisions on this information. When the earnings report is released, investors compare the actual returns to the analysts' predictions and the company's guidance. If the results are in line with these forecasts, the stock price is unlikely to change much, as those outcomes are already reflected in the stock price. If the company performs better than expected, the stock price generally rises, and vice versa. However, the situation is not that straightforward because, in the case of long-term investors, stock prices are primarily based on expectations of future activity. If the results for that quarter involve one-time actions that are unlikely to repeat, investors will often disregard that part of the report."}
{"2685": "\n\nI believe we already discussed this matter in the comments above. In general, many finance experts do not recommend target date funds as they often have higher fees compared to constructing your personalized mix, and they do not consider one's individual risk tolerance. It is important to note that not all 24-year-olds should have the same investment mix. However, I do suggest that you consider the pre-tax and post-tax mix, specifically traditional versus Roth accounts. As an author of The 15% Solution, I can attest that it outlines ways to minimize your lifetime taxes by utilizing the split that best suits your needs."}
{"2686": "\n\nOne way to begin learning about the stock market is by participating in a simulation or \"fake\" stock market game. First, research trading fees with a broker. Next, \"invest\" a specific amount of money and keep track of it on paper or in a spreadsheet. Monitor your stocks, make informed decisions on when to sell or buy, and observe your progress over a year or more. This exercise will provide an approximate understanding of possible returns if you were to invest real money."}
{"2687": "\n\nOne bank is willing to accept higher levels of risk and potential customer inconvenience in exchange for lower processing costs compared to the other bank. It is a decision based solely on business factors. In terms of detecting suspicious transactions, they rely on pattern detection algorithms that analyze your past usage history. I have experienced this firsthand - receiving calls from the bank to verify if I made a substantial purchase from a new company, or in a country I have never visited before."}
{"2688": "Since your initial question, I have recently watched PBS FRONTLINE's The Retirement Gamble, which explores \"America's Retirement Crisis\" and the retirement industry. The full episode is accessible via the provided link and is also available on DVD. A transcript of the episode can also be found there. PBS states that the financial services industry frequently runs costly ads cautioning us to worry about our retirement future. While they are correct that some action must be taken, America is currently experiencing a retirement crisis, as one in three Americans have no retirement savings, and one in two cannot save enough. This has been aggravated by an increase in life expectancy and surging healthcare costs. Upon researching the retirement planning and mutual funds industries on The Retirement Gamble, which aired on FRONTLINE, I discovered that financial advisors pressure us to get started with saving because retirement is an inherently lucrative business. Additionally, another related FRONTLINE documentary from 2006 is available to view online entitled Can You Afford To Retire? Lastly, I have not yet viewed Broken Eggs: The Looming Retirement Crisis in America but am aware of its existence. It is not presently available for online streaming or DVD, but it likely will be in the future."}
{"2689": "\n\nI'm no expert, but I don't believe it will be possible to roll your current mortgage into a new one. The bank will require that the new loan is fully collateralized by the new house, which means you'll need to make sure the construction cost is low enough to cover the current loan and keep the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio low. \n\nFor example, if you currently owe $40k on your mortgage and plan to build a $200k house, you'll need to keep your LTV below 80%, so you can spend no more than $160k on the construction. If you want to roll your existing loan into the new loan, you'll need to spend less than $120k on the construction.\n\nHowever, building a $200k house for $120k is unlikely, unless you live in an area with high land value and hire the builders directly. Otherwise, you'll need to make up the difference in cash, which can be challenging if you also lose the value of the current house.\n\nA better alternative may be to sell the current house as-is, perhaps to someone who could rebuild with cash, or consider a home equity loan to renovate parts of the house that would increase its market value, such as remodeling bathrooms or adding a room. Ultimately, the feasibility of these options depends on the current value of the house, the cost of the rebuild, and the value of the new house."}
{"2690": "\n\nThe text has been revised below:\n\nEssentially, what you're suggesting is akin to investing with leverage which usually involves a margin account. This account allows an investor to borrow funds at a lower interest rate, invest the money, and hopefully, generate returns that are higher than the interest rate. Is this approach safe? That is entirely dependent on the performance of your investments and the interest rate of your loan. The higher the interest rate of your loan, the riskier your investments must be to generate returns that outpace the interest rate. If the returns exceed the interest rates, then congratulations! You've made a profit. You should continue investing and pay the minimum payment on your loan to maximize the amount of capital you can invest. If not, then it's best to use your excess funds to pay down your loan.\n\nRegarding investments, aside from stocks and other traditional options, are there other alternatives that could work in my favor? Given the current low interest rates (at least in the US), it's unlikely that you'll find savings accounts or CDs that offer interest rates that are higher than your loan's. If you're uncomfortable with the risk associated with stocks and bonds (which is understandable!), know that there's a wide range of risk levels to choose from. It's up to you to determine how much risk you're willing to bear to achieve your desired returns."}
{"2691": "\n\nWhat criteria did you use to initially distribute funds among the various stocks? Rebalancing involves restoring the original allocation without conducting any research or receiving recommendations. For instance, if you assigned 10% of the funds to each of the ten stocks, rebalancing would involve buying or selling stocks to revert to the original allocation. If new funds are being put into the portfolio, the allocation can be adjusted to balance without selling. Similarly, when withdrawing funds, the selling can be adjusted. However, if the objective is to make decisions on altering stocks held in the portfolio, this is an entirely distinct question from rebalancing."}
{"2692": "\n\nRevised: When inflation is high or increasing, interest rates are typically raised to discourage excessive spending and mitigate inflationary pressure. As interest rates climb, people are less inclined to borrow and more inclined to deposit their money in the bank to earn a generous interest rate. In turn, people tend to spend and invest less in alternative assets. Conversely, when inflation is low and the economy slows, interest rates may be increased to stimulate increased spending and reignite the economy. As interest rates decrease, savers may withdraw their money from banks to pursue more lucrative investment opportunities, and borrowing becomes more attractive. As a result, consumers tend to spend more and invest their funds outside of traditional bank savings accounts."}
{"2693": "\n\nThe current price hovers around $3, although in many instances, stocks known as \"skeletons\" are bought and inflated for a variety of reasons. While some of these purchases are valid, such as a privately owned company merging with a defunct public corporation to avoid the costs of going public, others are not, including pump-and-dump scams that use skeletons. In this particular case, it is unknown whether the recent price hike was based on legitimate speculation stemming from new US marijuana laws, but what is clear is that the inflated share price was undeserved, as evidenced by the subsequent rapid drop."}
{"2694": "\n\nWhile derivative pricing models continue to evolve with increasing investment from academia, none are yet perfect. For instance, assuming lognormal stock returns for options pricing, as Black Scholes does, results in a dependency on log-standard deviation, or \"volatility,\" which produces the infamous \"volatility smile.\" However, models that account for other mathematical moments such as mean, skew, and kurtosis eliminate this phenomenon. Despite this, more advanced models still suffer extreme time mispricing, like Black Scholes. \n\nIn any model, the degree of complexity affects computational efficiency and the chance of finding a closed form. While dividend pricing models can account for taxation complexities, their computational complexity increases as well. Generally, for equities with low interest rates, low dividend yields, low volatility, and low dividend taxes, standard swap pricing models are not substantially different with single low dividend tax rates assumed. However, if pricing swaps for equities with different characteristics, dividend tax rates could play a more significant role. \n\nUltimately, closed-form models depend on assumptions. If pricing anomalies arise between market prices and a swap model, it indicates that the model with smaller but similar anomalies is more precise. It is difficult to reach a conclusion based on the current academic data. It is unlikely that swap sellers would forgo the tax advantages of equity swaps, which both parties are aware of, without raising prices. Regardless of the model, volatility curves persist."}
{"2695": "\n\nConsider using the annualized method described in Pub 505 http://www.irs.gov/publications/p505/ch02.html#en_US_2015_publink1000194669 (also downloadable in PDF) and referred to in Why are estimated taxes due \"early\" for the 2nd and 3rd quarters only? Using this method, you calculate a prorated tax for the partial year by using your income, deductions, and other tax-relevant information for each of the four \"quarters\" (3, 2, 3, and 4 months long) and pay any excess over the amount already paid. However, if your income and deductions vary over the year, this computation will not result in payments that are 3, 2, 3, and 4/12ths of 90% of your whole-year tax. If you use this method, remember to file form 2210 schedule AI with your next return to demonstrate that your quarterly computations and payments met the requirements. Keep good per-period or per-month records of all tax-relevant amounts, and consider using software or professional preparers to complete the form correctly.\n\nPartnerships can complicate matters. As a partner, your taxable income and expenses are not necessarily the cash you receive or pay, but rather your allocated share of the partnership's income and expenses. If the partnership distributes these amounts, they are usually distributed at the year-end draw. If this distribution is significant (more than 5% of your total income) and the partnership is not tracking and reporting these amounts promptly, it might be challenging to compute your quarterly taxes correctly and avoid penalties. If the amount is reasonably predictable, you can use a conservative guess to compute your payments and divide the actual full-year amounts on your K-1 over 12 months for 2210-AI. Note that the \"quarters\" are closer to 13, 9, 13, and 17 weeks, but it is the months that matter."}
{"2696": "\n\nYou are not required to register for corporation tax until you commence business activities. Once you have registered your company with Companies House, you must then register for Corporation Tax. It is important to do this within 3 months of starting to do business. If you have not started doing business, there is no requirement to inform HMRC that you have ceased trading. Therefore, the only necessary step is to inform Companies House. Note that they may ask you to provide the missing accounts before proceeding."}
{"2697": "\n\nIn most cases, it is difficult to obtain timely and useful information regarding trading activity, unless the investor is a significant shareholder and thus required to disclose their intentions to buy or sell shares with the SEC. Generally, this threshold is 5% or higher of the outstanding shares. Nevertheless, you can conduct some research to gather information about the holdings of the mentioned entities. For instance, Berkshire Hathaway is a publicly-traded holding company that files several reports with the SEC, including an Annual Report, which you can monitor on the SEC's website. Private and non-profit foundations such as Harvard and Yale have to submit Form 990 filings to the IRS, which you can access through resources like GuideStar.org or the FoundationCenter.org. It is vital to note that if a private foundation holds a substantial amount of shares in a particular company, they are also required to report their buying or selling intentions. Regarding private individuals, it is challenging to obtain insights regarding their current holdings unless they publicly share the information, disclose it for regulatory purposes, or are a significant shareholder."}
{"2698": "\n\nNo revisions needed."}
{"2699": "\n\nThere are multiple stock exchange options available for trading, such as the New York and London Stock Exchanges. Most financial instruments, including US government bonds, can be continuously traded 24/7 on these exchanges. Although the closing price quoted in papers is usually based on NYSE's closing price, options trading continues beyond NYSE's closing and affects many active stocks. Thus, the price at the close of options trading at CBOE is often used as a closing price for those stocks. However, the \"real\" price is always changing. For discussing the matter, using NYSE's closing price for NYSE-listed stocks or Bloomberg's price is standard and reliable, avoiding any disagreement with commonly accepted numbers. Using smaller and after-hours quotes could lead to variations that may become standardized the next day."}
{"2700": "\n\nRevised: The value of real estate and the stock market is supported by historical trends and inflation. Both have demonstrated consistent growth throughout history, even with occasional short-term setbacks. This value is further reinforced by sustained increases in the prices of land and building materials due to inflation."}
{"2701": "\n\nWhat is the present value of using the payment plan? The present value of a loan is the amount you can pay in the present to avoid taking a loan - in this case, the lump sum payment of $2495. Although the question appears to be a trick, we can also calculate the present value required to pay the loan while earning an 8% return on the stock market. Assuming the lender's APR is 9.6% per month, we can calculate for both an 8% annual effective and 8% annual nominal rate.\n\nIf you have $x in hand, it is exactly enough to take the loan while investing in the stock market. In successive months, the value is $x plus the market return less the loan payment. By the third month, the loan is paid off, and the balance is zero. Therefore, the present value of using the payment plan while investing is $2569.37, which is more than the lump sum payment of $2495. It is advisable to make the lump sum payment because it is less expensive.\n\nTo determine what rate of return the stock market needs to yield to make the loan worth taking, we can calculate the APR proposed by the loan. The present value of a loan is equal to the sum of the payments discounted to present value. By comparing the $2495 lump sum payment with $997 over 3 x monthly instalments, we can find the interest rate implied by the loan. Solving for r, if you could obtain 9.64431% per month on the stock market, the $x cash in hand required would be equal to the lump sum payment, indicating that the calculated interest is comparable to the stock market rate of return. If you could gain more than 9.64431% per month on the stock market, it would be better to invest and take the loan.\n\nThe recurrence form shows that the calculation is equivalent to the loan formula. The present value can be calculated using the formula, assuming an 8% monthly stock market return or an 8% annual effective rate compounded monthly."}
{"2702": "\n\nRevised: It is important to consider the potential risks, given that certain assets of theirs in Bolivia have been nationalized."}
{"2703": "\n\nAccording to Wikipedia, a frontier market is a type of developing country that is more developed than the least developed countries but too small to be labeled an emerging market. The term was coined by Farida Khambata of the International Finance Corporation in 1992 and is commonly used to describe the equity markets of smaller and less accessible countries in the developing world that are still deemed \"investable\". Investors are attracted to these pre-emerging equity markets due to the potential for high, long-term returns and low correlations with other markets. While some frontier market countries were previously considered emerging markets, they have since regressed. \n\nInvestopedia provides an informative comparison between emerging and frontier markets. While investing in frontier markets certainly comes with significant risks, they also offer the possibility for returns similar to those seen in emerging markets during the 1990s and early 2000s. These markets represent up to one-third of the world's population and include several rapidly growing economies. \n\nUltimately, whether or not investing in frontier markets is a wise decision depends on your risk appetite and investment portfolio. If you have already diversified your investments across domestic and emerging markets, expanding into frontier markets may be a viable option."}
{"2704": "\n\nConsider purchasing Bitcoins or Altcoins, which are more deflationary than Swiss Francs. However, be cautious as there is currently a high exchange rate and risk of volatility. You can explore the Altcoin market capitalization for more information. By converting your Swiss Francs into Bitcoin/Altcoin, you can avoid the need for a bank or storing cash at home. Without a stock portfolio, you can avoid notable buy and sell commissions, and the central bank cannot modify the bills. Nevertheless, the coin market may be volatile, so there is a potential risk. If the value of coins declines, it is best to keep some money for everyday and emergency use in a bank account while waiting for the coins to rise again, as volatility occurs in both directions."}
{"2705": "\n\nYes, it is possible to roll over your SIMPLE IRA to a traditional IRA after two years from your first contribution. However, the contribution process will be different since you will now have to make contributions yourself and claim a tax deduction when you file. It is worth noting that the total contributions you can make to both traditional and Roth IRAs are capped at $5,500 if you are under 50, which is why an employer-sponsored plan may be preferable in terms of contributions. If your institution offers a plan that is not a 401(k), rolling over to a traditional IRA might be a good choice as it provides greater flexibility in investment options. On the other hand, if you find the prospect of managing a large number of investment options daunting, a smaller selection might be better for your peace of mind."}
{"2706": "\n\nIncorporating a business in Canada has two main benefits: limiting liability and having more options for structuring your taxes. As you are asking specifically about taxes, I will focus on that topic. Firstly, it is important to note that if your earnings are not high, there may not be significant tax savings by restructuring your affairs. However, incorporating can still be advantageous as the small business tax rate is lower than higher brackets for personal taxes, and not all profits need to be paid out as salary. If you choose not to incorporate, you will still be required to pay taxes on your net income. It is essential to keep accurate records of your income and expenses, even if you do not expect to make a substantial profit, in case of an audit by the CRA. In the event that your hobby is deemed a business, you must demonstrate that you have not generated any profit. As this subject is complex, it is wise to seek further information, such as books from your local library, if you are still interested."}
{"2707": "\n\nWyoming is a great option as it is both inexpensive and has relatively low annual compliance requirements. Although Delaware is often touted for its business-friendly laws, it is worth noting that all US states have their own incorporation laws and legislative bodies, making it worthwhile to research and compare options before making a decision. Additionally, other states have implemented similar laws to Delaware and offer comparable benefits. Wyoming stands out for its affordability and minimal information requirements, as well as being tax-free. Utilizing a registered agent can also help with the address issue, typically costing $99 to $200 beyond state fees.\n\nFor businesses that require a bank account, the process of opening one in the US can be challenging. However, a registered agent or lawyer can obtain a Tax Identification Number from the IRS, which is necessary for opening a US bank account. It may also be necessary to have an employee or nominee director in the US to physically go to a bank and open an account. This person should be included in the Operating Agreement or other official documents. Once the account is opened, the employee can resign and have the information kept private between them and the LLC.\n\nOverall, setting up a subsidiary in multiple countries via an LLC is a common practice for multinational entities."}
{"2708": "\n\nThe concept of a Credit Score can be misleading since each credit provider uses their own system to determine if they are willing to lend to you. These providers do not disclose how they combine different factors to arrive at your credit score. However, closing unused accounts is a good practice as it reduces the risk of identity theft and minimizes paperwork. Another factor that works in your favor is if a company that knows you agrees to extend more credit, as this indicates that they believe you are a trustworthy borrower. On the other hand, you must exercise caution when it comes to the overall credit limit you have been approved for as it is not advisable to use all the credit and then be unable to pay your bills. It is important to maintain control over your credit and not appear out of control or reckless. Utilizing the services of a payday lender, for instance, is strongly discouraged as it reflects poorly on your financial situation. Credit cards can be utilized for short term credit, and you should aim to pay them off in full as often as possible. While it is reasonable to take advantage of interest-free credit offers, it is crucial to be mindful of the debt that is being accrued."}
{"2709": "\n\nAlthough dividends can grow infinitely, their perpetual growth does not preclude the calculation of duration. In fact, academic research, such as that conducted by Lewin and Satchell, addresses this very issue. The Wilmott thread examines the advantages and disadvantages of this concept in greater depth. As a finance professional, I am familiar with this literature and utilize equity duration in my daily work. I discovered the resources mentioned above through a basic Google search for \"equity duration.\""}
{"2710": "\n\nAccording to your own statement, AAPL is not expected to be removed from NASDAQ100 tomorrow as the fund and index undergo quarterly rebalancing and annual reconstitution."}
{"2711": "\n\nNo, candlesticks do not play a role in this. A stock's price can open differently than its previous day's close. The chart of TSLA illustrates this - it closed on 1/18 at 238.8 and opened on 1/19 at 243.7, which is referred to as a \"gap up\" in candlestick language."}
{"2712": "\n\nImagine if everyone ceased all economic activity right now, with no work or payments exchanged through trade. Would the average wealth stay the same? Unfortunately, the answer is no. Economic activity is not a zero-sum game. Many economic activities are carried out by companies which seek to increase their profits by becoming more efficient or finding new profitable ventures. As the companies' values increase, the overall sum of useful things produced by the economy also rises. Therefore, economic activity is not zero-sum. When companies' stock prices increase, it is often due to the company's increased value."}
{"2713": "\n\nI recommend checking out the Dummies book series for this. Often, the books are compiled into one comprehensive volume, which I believe would be the optimal choice. These were my starting point when I wanted to learn something new; whenever I had questions, I could easily refer to the books and educate myself. I strongly believe that these books are perfect for beginners. I hope this recommendation is helpful."}
{"2714": "\n\nFirstly, it is important to consider the factors that cause taxes to apply to mutual funds, whether they are index or actively managed. Dividends and capital gains are typically the distributions made to shareholders in mutual funds, since the fund itself doesn't pay taxes. However, this may not be a concern for funds held in tax-advantaged accounts, such as IRAs, as investors may not have to worry about this for such situations. This is especially common for investors who have 401(k)s and IRAs that hold their investments rather than taxable accounts.\n\nSecondly, it is worth noting that there are tax-managed funds available. While the linked \"Dummies\" article makes a generalization, there are cases where a fund is managed with taxes in mind. For taxable accounts, it may make more sense to opt for a tax-managed fund rather than an index fund. However, it is important to be careful with asset allocation, as trying to maintain a pure investment style can require selling stocks that have grown too big, which could trigger capital gains. For example, small-cap and mid-cap funds may not be able to hold onto winners as they would become mid-cap and large-cap instead of representing the intended asset class.\n\nIf you want a specific example of the potential risks of active management, consider the 1998 Businessweek story \"A Fund That Played it Safe--and Was Sorry.\" This story highlights an actively managed fund that went mostly to cash but missed out on the rise of the stock market at that time. In contrast, index funds are designed to track the index and stay invested all the time."}
{"2715": "\n\nRevised: The Elliott wave technique can help explain price shocks, specifically through the pattern of corrections. It is based on understanding the psychology of investors. When faced with a strong upward trend, many investors may choose to sell and take profits or remain passive, causing a market shock. This is especially true after negative news hits the market. Learning the Elliott wave can help you make informed decisions about staying invested or exiting positions. You can find more information about the Elliott wave at http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:market_analysis:elliott_wave_theory and http://www.swing-trade-stocks.com/elliott-wave.html. The technique is useful in any timeframe and complements momentum analysis. I hope you find this information helpful."}
{"2716": "\n\nIs the question about the dealer? It's important to note that while the dealer may be facilitating the purchase, it is actually Alfa who is providing the financing. The \"On the Road\" price paid by Alfa to the dealer is the same regardless of whether you finance through them or not. By financing through Alfa, your payments will go directly to them. As an incentive, Alfa is offering a $3,000 discount towards the purchase of the car through the dealer, which is intended to appeal to those who can afford payments but not the entire purchase amount upfront. This strategy boosts car sales, keeps factories busy, and benefits employees and stockholders. At least, that is the intended outcome."}
{"2717": "\n\nDuring a real estate transaction, the selling agent handles a significant amount of your financial information, including your pre-approval letter which outlines your maximum purchase price. However, details like closing costs and interest rates are not known to them unless shared by you after you go binding. I agree with xiaomy that while a higher offer may seem more attractive, the selling agent's ultimate priority is ensuring a seamless transaction. As first-time buyers can face difficulties securing mortgage underwriting, it is in the seller's interest to avoid such hurdles - a concern shared by their agent. A higher down payment can be seen as a signal of commitment, making it a more enticing offer."}
{"2718": "\n\nRewritten: Utilize Google for information, but if you\u2019d like my assistance, buying me a beer could also help. Just a heads up, the stock ticker for Dogs of the Dow ETF is DOD."}
{"2719": "It appears that your question assumes that investing only involves stocks, bonds, and similar assets. However, I advise that you consider a wider range of investment types, depending on your age, risk tolerance, number of dependents, lifestyle, and other factors. In particular, diversifying into different asset classes can help reduce risk. While I will mainly discuss stock market investing, the principles I mention also apply to other types of investments. With respect to stock market investing, there are two general management styles to consider: passive and active. Passive investing is based on buying ETFs across asset classes and holding on to them without much intervention. However, its profitability depends heavily on entry and exit prices, making it less reliable. Active investing, on the other hand, involves using set criteria to make informed decisions about when to buy and sell stocks. While my example is based on a simplistic technical trading system and arbitrary time frames, I suggest that active investing with similar principles would likely out-perform passive investing over a 10 year time frame."}
{"2720": "\n\nThe capital gains taxes for a year are based on the sales of assets that occur during that particular year. As an example, if you sell stock in 2016, you will need to declare any gains or losses on your tax return for 2016."}
{"2721": "\n\nThere are past performance figures available for these robots, and they are not particularly promising. While it's unlikely that they will result in a complete loss of your investments, it seems that they are not capable of outperforming traditional managers or the market. This is because they are essentially using the same analysis and management techniques as their human counterparts, albeit in a more streamlined and efficient way. Although cutting out human labour might seem like a good way to save costs, it's not necessarily reflected in reduced fees. Furthermore, there is a risk that the algorithms used by these robots could be exploited by those who understand them, leading to predictable investment patterns that could be taken advantage of by humans or other robots. As a result, if robo-advisers continue to gain popularity, we would expect them to perform worse over time."}
{"2722": "\n\nBoth an LLC and an S corporation have the same tax obligations, as both are pass-through tax entities. However, for your particular scenario, an LLC would be more advantageous due to its flexibility in outlining member and manager responsibilities within the operating agreement. To ensure that your operating agreement meets your specific needs, it is highly recommended that you seek the assistance of a business attorney. Additionally, the startups beta site on Stack Exchange may provide valuable insight into the best approaches for managing your operating agreement."}
{"2723": "\n\nAfter reviewing the car rental company's terms and conditions, I have found the following requirements: When picking up your rental vehicle, you must show a valid credit card (*) with the same name as the driver that was used for booking. However, if you do not possess a valid credit card, a debit card will be accepted. It's important to note that as we cannot reserve credit for potential damage or refueling expenses, you must select SuperCover and purchase a full tank of fuel at the beginning of your rental. Any leftover fuel will be refunded at the rental's conclusion, unless stated otherwise by the customer. (*) VISA, MasterCard, and American Express are all valid forms of payment. In regards to damage, the customer will be charged up to the excess amount, and they will be required to reclaim it from their credit card or third-party insurance provider. It's recommended that customers carefully review their provider's terms and conditions before declining additional coverage from us. If the customer declines SuperCover, they will be charged the corresponding amount up to the excess by default if the car gets damaged during the rental period, regardless of the possibility of reimbursement from their credit card or third-party insurer. If a dispute arises, the customer must submit their request via mail or email to the Firefly location stated on their rental agreement. https://global.fireflycarrental.com/qualifications-ES.html In conclusion, requiring a credit card may be a way for car rental companies to mitigate damages disputes with customers, as indicated by the two reasons outlined above."}
{"2724": "\n\nThe decision to borrow instead of paying cash for major renovations should be based on the same reasoning as that for borrowing or paying cash for the home itself. Throughout history, borrowing at low interest rates, which are tax-deductible, and increasing retirement contributions has yielded greater returns than paying off mortgage principal in the long run. It is important to determine your retirement savings goals and incorporate them into your budget before borrowing as much as necessary, considering what level of home is significant to you while still being affordable. Applying the same logic, if interest rates are sufficiently low, it might be advantageous to refinance with cash out and utilize the cash as additional retirement savings."}
{"2725": "\n\nTo clarify, Net Working Capital refers to funds that finance a company's everyday, short-term operations, such as purchasing raw materials and paying wages. Contrary to misconception, Net Working Capital does not have a negative impact. Additionally, liabilities should not be perceived as inherently beneficial. In reality, a smaller capital budget for short-term operations can improve a company's efficiency and increase its EBIT. Therefore, it is useful to view Net Working Capital as a measure of efficiency; the smaller the Net Working Capital, the more efficient a company is (given its EBIT). I hope this explanation is helpful. Please note that it is my first response on this platform. Can you please clarify why you believe Net Working Capital has a negative impact?"}
{"2726": "\n\nThe rankings that you referenced are compiled by Millward Brown. The methodology behind these rankings is explained as follows:"}
{"2727": "\n\nCurrently, this information is sourced from Google Finance."}
{"2728": "\n\nI prefer to use the term 'commodity' instead of 'money', as it aligns with my perspective on precious metals, which is similar to littleadv's. I believe it's important to recognize that gold has two values: utility and currency. In my opinion, it's best to separate these values. Moreover, the amount of gold in the world is insufficient to represent the combined economies' value. Therefore, attempting to revert to a gold standard would result in an unimaginable hyperinflation in gold. Recent years have shown that gold cannot retain its value, as evidenced by the attached chart."}
{"2729": "\n\nIn my opinion, the approach you are taking is incorrect. While it is true that the material you are reading is often marketing material, the term \"Systematic Investment Plan (SIP)\" is not a universally used financial jargon. On the other hand, \"Dollar Cost Averaging\" is a commonly used term in finance and is taught in US finance classes. Various studies have shown that individuals generate better investment returns when they avoid trying to time the market or pick specific winners. When investing in a mutual fund, dollar cost averaging means investing the same dollar amount at regular intervals instead of buying a fixed number of shares or buying sporadically based on the market conditions. For instance, investing $50 every Wednesday yields better returns than buying one share for $50 each week or investing the entire $850 on the first Wednesday. To further illustrate, let's consider the Vanguard Large Cap Fund (VLCAX). Although our investment amounts may differ, I aimed to demonstrate how the method of investing affects the rate of return subtly. By investing a standard dollar amount as opposed to a standard share amount, the average share price is lower while the share price climbs, and it also makes budgeting more manageable. Vanguard's research, which is illustrated in the third column above, shows it is wiser to invest as soon as funds are available, rather than dividing the lump sum into several smaller periodic investments. Considering that all of these companies are trying to attract customers, they all have marketing teams who create unique and interesting names for their services. In essence, they are essentially the same concept: trickle your money into your investments as it becomes available."}
{"2730": "\n\nIf the stock was worth more at the time of the gift than its initial purchase price, the cost basis for tax purposes would be the amount paid at the time it was purchased. Any increase in value since then would be subject to taxation. In general, inherited assets are more advantageous than gifts because their cost basis is adjusted to the value at the time of the original owner's death. To determine the correct cost basis, you may need to locate records of the original purchase price."}
{"2731": "\n\nA fundamental tenet in finance is to avoid sticking with investments or situations solely because it is how you are currently invested. You can evaluate this by asking yourself this question: If I had sufficient GBP to acquire 20000 CHF, would I still believe it to be a wise move? (The likely answer is \"no.\") Naturally, this approach assumes that you can effect the exchange without incurring excessive fees. Therefore, when dealing with significant sums, it is essential to compare rates and find the best deal."}
{"2732": "\n\nYou have the option to purchase and trade stocks. However, it is important to note that any profits gained from these transactions are subject to taxation. Additionally, it is essential to understand that short-term trading is speculative, not a form of investing, and carries a high level of risk."}
{"2733": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhile it's possible that HMRC may not find out about the extra income you received, the risks and penalties involved in not declaring it make it unwise to take that chance. Based on your question, it seems like you typically pay all your taxes through PAYE and don't file a tax return. If that is the case, you'll need to register for Self Assessment and file a return. If your tax situation is straightforward, this process is not difficult. You will be required to pay tax on the additional income at the applicable rate, which depends on your earnings from your main job. You can find the rate tables at https://www.gov.uk/income-tax-rates/current-rates-and-allowances.\n\nIf the extra income is a one-time occurrence, you can declare it as Other Income on your tax return. However, if it's more than that, you may need to consider setting up as Self Employed. The differences between the two can be found at http://www.brighton-accountants.com/blog/tax-self-employment-still-employed/. Generally, if you have a regular, organised activity with a profit motive that lasts for several months or longer, you're likely running a business. If the work is irregular, unorganised and of little value, it might qualify as casual income.\n\nIf you believe the income is beyond the realm of casual income, you will also need to pay National Insurance, as described in the link above, but the tax treatment will remain the same."}
{"2734": "\n\nIf I were in your position, I would recommend saving 200 euros each month towards your retirement savings. Additionally, you should consider setting aside 800 euros for investment purposes with the intention of starting soon. To see a substantial return on your investment, it would be wise to invest at least 30K initially, as my acquaintances have experienced handsome returns starting with 50K. It is essential to approach investing intelligently to ensure its profitability. However, it is not advisable to hire an overly expensive financial consultant as their fees will never pay off. Nonetheless, it is recommended to check the credentials and reputation of the consultant before engaging. Spending too much on a financial consultant is not worth it."}
{"2735": "\n\nIf you are comparing corporate bonds with a defined coupon over a specified period, consider using a Net Present Value (NPV) calculation. You can use the discounting factor as the current repo rate of your central bank. While this is a simple and quick measure, it doesn't consider other factors such as the risk rating of the bonds and inflation. Using a notional investment of 1000 in each instrument, calculate the NPV - a higher value indicates a better investment. Another option is to use the Internal Rate of Return (IRR) expressed as a percentage, but this calculation is more complicated. It's important to note that these measures only work when the cash flow over the given period is known, not for instruments like stocks where cash flow/value over different times isn't known."}
{"2736": "\n\nYou are referring to the incorrect credit. Please refer to the Wikipedia article on bookkeeping - as opposed to the finance term that you quoted."}
{"2737": "\n\nThe most effective strategy to earn profits in a declining market is to purchase assets at their lowest price and sell them when they soar. Keep repeating the process."}
{"2738": "\n\nIf the fees for maintaining the account are reasonable, it is worthwhile to retain it for the time being as it simplifies matters in case you need to visit or conduct business transactions with France or other EU nations, such as ordering from online stores. However, if you are not currently in university, predicting where you will spend your time in life is premature at this point."}
{"2739": "\n\nRevised: Capital gains are considered a part of your income, which means that if you cash out 1 million dollars, that amount will be counted as income for that year. This may put you in the 39.6% tax bracket. However, if the entire amount is comprised of long term capital gains, you will only be required to pay 20% of it in long term capital gains taxes. One strategy to minimize your capital gains tax is to spread out the cashing out of the 1 million dollars over multiple years, allowing you to stay in a lower tax bracket and pay a smaller amount in capital gains tax."}
{"2740": "\n\nThe Historical Prices section of Yahoo Finance allows users to easily access daily historical quotes for any given stock symbol without having to visit a library. Users can select their desired time frame for the query, and the dataset will provide High/Low/Close/Volume numbers. The report can be downloaded in CSV format for further analysis in a preferred spreadsheet program. The following link leads to a Twitter report ranging from their IPO through yesterday: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=TWTR&a=10&b=7&c=2013&d=08&e=23&f=2014&g=d."}
{"2741": "\n\nSeveral factors are likely to impact house prices in a country. Firstly, a predicted recession could lead to lower incomes and a subsequent drop in housing prices. Additionally, obtaining credit may become more challenging, leading to increased demand and lower housing prices. This was observed in the USA in 2010. Secondly, if Greece departs from the Euro, future economic growth could decrease due to reduced trade, investment and transfer payments, which could also contribute to lowered house prices. Additionally, there is an oversupply of housing in some countries, such as Spain, due to speculative building, which may impact the market negatively. Governance and mandate issues in the countries concerned may further exacerbate these problems, leading to a potential reduction in house prices.\n\nHowever, some of these factors may already be priced into the market, and it\u2019s possible that house prices have hit the bottom. In the Eurozone, the countries are closely tied into another currency, making the typical exchange-rate movements that have affected other countries like Argentina virtually impossible. A lot rests on whether these countries are bailed out or leave the Euro, and the effects of these actions are hard to predict. Typically, exchange rate moves can have inflationary effects, but it\u2019s unclear whether this will happen in Greece. In hindsight, buying property in southern Europe in 2011 may have been a good investment, but it cannot be considered a safe defensive investment."}
{"2742": "\n\nI agree with MrChrister's response that the bank is \"legit\" as it is FDIC insured. However, it's important to note that the advertised rate may seem too good to be true because the bank may be offsetting potential losses by charging other fees. Additionally, it's important to consider two aspects not mentioned in the original response. Firstly, the high 4.09% APY rate is only applicable on balances of up to $25,000, with anything over that threshold earning a significantly lower 1.01% APY. Secondly, the offer states that the rates are subject to change after the account is opened, which could result in a reduction of the promotional rate. It is advisable to research the bank's history of offering high interest rates before switching to ensure the rate is sustainable in the long run."}
{"2743": "\n\nUpstream refers to businesses that supply the original business, while downstream refers to businesses that utilize the original product. Essentially, this means that the original business receives products from plantations and sends them to manufacturing as part of its vertical integration strategy. This approach enables the company to diversify its supply chain and exercise greater control over its operations. \n\nIn contrast, horizontal integration involves moving into new products that can either compete with existing products or be entirely separate from them. Although vertical integration reduces reliance on suppliers and provides more control over the supply chain, it limits the possibility of partnerships with other companies in the same supply chain.\n\nHowever, some companies can manage to do both, such as Amazon.com, which has integrated fulfillment and sales while still allowing partners the freedom to manage their own fulfillment and sales. For investors, integrated companies can be problematic as they cut across diversification areas, making them harder to balance with other stocks. \n\nFor example, if an investment strategy calls for reducing manufacturing and increasing plantation investments, this can be challenging to implement with an integrated company. Despite these challenges, integrated companies may present an opportunity as undervalued value stocks due to the difficulties in balancing them with other stocks."}
{"2744": "\n\nMost states in the US require business owners to pay registration fees. Depending on the business structure, there may be a need to file a separate tax return. For sole proprietors, tax returns are filed on Schedule C on their personal Form 1040. Whether or not taxes are owed depends on the net income, and it's possible that losses can be deductible. It's important to note that even if there's no net income, a tax return still needs to be filed, as filing and paying taxes are two different things. Additionally, states may have additional fees or taxes, such as sales tax or franchise taxes depending on what is sold and how it's sold. It's essential to determine these obligations according to state law. Seeking professional tax and accounting advice to understand specific situations and requirements is highly recommended. The above information serves as a general outline of some important considerations."}
{"2745": "\n\nYes, this applies to control groups. Common ownership rules are used to determine \"Applicable Large Employer\" status, but in the event of a penalty, only the specific entity that fails to comply will owe the penalty, not the entire control group. This information is from Section 4980H, which details employer requirements and penalties. The definition of \"Employer\" is the same as the common-law standard, as defined in \u00a7 31.3121(d)-1(c). To determine if an employer is an Applicable Large Employer, all entities treated as a single employer under section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) are considered as a single employer. This includes all employees of a controlled group of entities under section 414(b) or (c), an affiliated service group under section 414(m), or an entity in an arrangement described under section 414(o). The term \"employer\" also includes predecessor and successor employers for the purpose of determining Applicable Large Employer status. For more information, refer to the Federal Register."}
{"2746": "\n\ncorrect on that. When considering it from a business standpoint, taxes are typically only paid on the net income rather than gross earnings. This includes money received from customers and clients, which is deposited into the business' account and then distributed for various expenses like services or advertising. Ultimately, what remains after all expenses have been paid is considered profit and is subject to income tax. Individuals who do not have any business structure or LLC set up typically have to fill out an additional page on their tax forms that contains this information, known as Schedule C."}
{"2747": "\n\nIt seems like you're a man, which is fortunate. Our formalwear collection has a consistent style, enabling you to repeat the same outfit frequently. By purchasing a decent pair of slacks in a versatile color such as navy or grey, along with a pair of brown shoes that match a belt, you can make do with just two button-down shirts, in white and light blue. Wearing an undershirt can help keep the shirts clean. This outfit can even be used for job interviews as well to save on costs, particularly if you also desire a high-quality suit jacket/sport coat. The crucial element is to choose unobtrusive attire, which will not draw attention to itself. Though you may have to visit the dry cleaner each weekend, your upfront expenses will be minimal. I'm at a loss for how women manage this, however."}
{"2748": "\n\nThe expense is recognized when you sell the hot dog, while the purchase of buns results in inventory, which is classified as an asset. When you sell the hot dog, the cost of goods sold becomes an expense. In accordance with the expense principle, the expense should be recognized when the product is used. In this situation, the buns are utilized when the hot dog is sold, and not before. Moreover, the matching principle is also upheld since the cost of the buns is acknowledged at the same time as the revenue from the sale of the hot dog."}
{"2749": "\n\n,\n\nis that stock B's higher residual volatility may indicate higher risk. Based on the equations provided in the book, an estimate of the correlation between stock A and stock B can be attempted. By using equation 2.4 to calculate the residual volatilities, a correlation of 0.378 is obtained. It should be noted that this correlation is presented as a simple model, which implies that it is an approximation. Further testing indicates that this approximation may not be entirely accurate. Additionally, the higher residual volatility of stock B may suggest that it poses greater risk."}
{"2750": "\n\nProfit is calculated by subtracting the basis from the sale price. The basis is determined by subtracting the purchase price and any depreciation taken, including expenses."}
{"2751": "\n\nThe price-earnings ratio is simply the price of a stock divided by its earnings. However, earnings are not fixed and for a growing company, future earnings may be higher. You should therefore consider future earnings when estimating the company's value today. Unfortunately, future earnings are worth less than present earnings due to inflation and opportunity cost. For instance, a $100 bill you will receive in 20 years will be worth less than $100 today. This is why discounted cash-flow analysis is necessary: it allows you to determine the value of future cash flows by discounting them to their present value. The formula for determining the value of future cash flow involves adding up all future earnings and discounting them by a compounded rate. However, using the formula requires a bit more than simple division, as you must discount each year's earnings individually. A discount rate of 11% per year and five years of earnings growth of 10% have been assumed in this case. For the sake of keeping things simple, please refer to Wikipedia for the full formula."}
{"2752": "\n\nAlthough \"buy term and invest the rest\" is a common saying, cash value life insurance is often overlooked as a valuable financial product. Cash value insurance may be a prudent choice if you are not maxing out your retirement accounts; otherwise, term insurance should suffice, and you should aim to save as much as possible for retirement. However, if you can contribute more than $5-10,000 annually to a life insurance policy for at least seven years after maxing out your retirement savings, purchasing a low face value whole life policy from a top mutual insurance company with a paid-up addition rider may prove beneficial. Over this period, your policy's cash value may increase by roughly 2% to 4% annually \u2013 a rate comparable to that of municipal bonds \u2013 offering some protection against inflation. In this time, both the policy's cash value and death benefit should increase significantly, allowing you to draw on your policy's cash value in the future as needed, through policy loans. Ultimately, purchasing a whole life policy in this manner allows you to diversify your financial portfolio, accumulate a reserve of cash, all while effectively providing insurance coverage free of charge while still receiving a modest return on your investment."}
{"2753": "\n\nRevised: It is a common misconception that building societies may take longer to decide on a mortgage with smaller deposits. However, it is important to note that obtaining a mortgage with a smaller deposit often results in higher interest rates. The decision process for a mortgage depends on several factors such as credit history, income, spending habits, and the loan amount requested. In terms of advantages and disadvantages compared to traditional banks, building societies do offer the peace of mind of FSCS deposit guarantees, as well as potentially higher interest rates on savings accounts. Additionally, as a member with an account, one also becomes a partial owner of the building society, which is not the case with traditional banks. It is important to carefully compare the services and offerings of both building societies and traditional banks."}
{"2754": "\n\nThe P11D is a record of untaxed benefits received in a tax year, whereas the P60 is a record of total pay and tax paid in that same period. It is important to note that business travel expenses are usually exempt from taxation, and if they are incorrectly reported on the P11D, you may need to file a claim with HMRC for tax relief. It is unclear whether it is common for such expenses to be included on the form. After issuing the P11D, HMRC will typically collect any tax owed by adjusting your tax code, which will result in more tax being taken from your future income. You do not need to take any further action, as the process will be automatic. If you have concerns about the accuracy of the information on the P11D, you can contact your previous employer to confirm the details. You should be aware of the benefits you have received and be able to determine if the information on the form is plausible. If you complete a tax return, you will also need to report this amount, which may increase the tax you owe, or reduce your refund. If your tax code also changes, you will not be charged twice, as the return will account for the total tax amount paid. The tax treatment of travel benefits, in relation to P11Ds, is summarised here."}
{"2755": "\n\nRevised text:\n\nIt is often assumed that incorporating in Delaware means being exempt from California corporate taxes, but unfortunately, that is not the case. As a corporate employee residing in California, the corporation is considered to be doing business in California and liable for California taxes. Furthermore, you may be required to pay fees in both Delaware and California.\n\nWhile Delaware does have corporate taxes, they are generally minimal. However, as a Delaware C-Corp, you are still liable for both California and Delaware costs, including income taxes, registered agents, and California corporation fees. It is worth discussing your options with a legal advisor, as they can help you make informed decisions about jurisdiction for litigation and other legal issues.\n\nIf you are a freelancer or a small business owner seeking tax benefits, it may be better to opt for an S-Corp or LLC, both of which are pass-through entities and do not have any Federal entity-level taxes. However, both S-Corp and LLC are taxed differently in California, so it is best to consult with a licensed CPA/EA familiar with California tax laws before making any decisions. Overall, unless you plan to go public, raise money from investors, or have specific legal reasons for incorporating in Delaware, incorporating in California may be the more beneficial course of action."}
{"2756": "\n\nIf the offered price is lower than what sellers are willing to accept, it will be disregarded. This applies to any scenario, such as if someone were to offer to purchase numerous cars but only willing to pay $2 for each. The offer would still be disregarded."}
{"2757": "\n\nIt appears that you may be hesitant to participate in the consumerist frenzy, but feel obligated to do so anyway. However, it is important to remember that you do not have to engage in activities that you do not genuinely desire. Research indicates that the elation experienced from impulsive purchases is brief, leaving you with a relatively useless item occupying space in your home. If you find yourself questioning whether you truly need a particular item, then you may be struggling with pressure to conform to consumerism. Alternatively, if making purchases brings you genuine happiness and you are able to save a portion of your earnings, it may be worthwhile to save the excess funds. Having a substantial amount of money saved can be quite beneficial in numerous circumstances."}
{"2758": "\n\nThe Dutch tax office is typically reliable, although they may be slightly stretched thin. While they may not be incredibly forthcoming with assistance, they are generally not known for causing many issues. Digital copies of documents are acceptable, for example. Your first VAT notice will come from them. Assuming you are operating as an individual rather than a corporation, you will still need to submit VAT returns. However, your business income will simply be labeled as \"other income\" and submitted annually. To comply with VAT requirements, you will need to keep copies of the invoices you send to customers as well as track their payments. These two pieces of evidence are crucial for meeting your VAT obligations. It is also important to keep receipts for any purchases since you can claim VAT deductions. Typically, VAT payments are made quarterly, although if you owe less than 1883 euros, you may only need to file annually. As for income reporting, this is simple to accomplish using the receipts you kept for VAT purposes. The Dutch Tax Office provides support in English regarding VAT."}
{"2759": "\n\nIt depends on how you define liquidity. There are papers that explore this question in depth. If you measure liquidity by order book spreads for a $100 million trade, then FX swaps are the second biggest market, followed by the money market (government bonds). If you limit your consideration to exchange-listed government bonds, then they are the most liquid market. However, if you focus on sheer volume over time, the NYSE closing auction may be the most liquid market phase, as it allows for the movement of billions in just minutes, or even at a rate of several million dollars per second. Once you define your terms, we can provide a more precise list of candidates and actual data."}
{"2760": "\n\nPassive income can be generated in a variety of ways. Essentially, it is a type of income that does not require consistent work, unlike regular employment where you are paid per day or hourly. Passive income is earned through one-time work that generates ongoing payments, such as royalties for recording artists or book authors. Some online business models can also generate passive income through automated systems that drive traffic and sales. While this can be achieved through search engine optimization, pay-per-click advertising or media buying, it requires specialized skills and can be expensive and time-consuming to set up.\n\nA preferred method of generating passive income for many people is hands-free property investing. Property investing has the advantage of full ownership and control over capital invested, allowing an investor to make decisions on selling and maximizing returns. This is unlike business investing, which has other variables, such as market factors or employee performance, that can affect returns. Fully-managed hands-free buy-to-let property investing is currently one of the best ways to generate passive income, especially for those with the capital to invest. Popular property assets in the UK include student property, care homes, and residential buy-to-let."}
{"2761": "\n\nTo work as a \"conventional\" financial planner, you are required to have a license or registration. However, if you only focus on budgeting and cash flow analysis, your work may be considered more like accounting. If you are unsure about the requirements for your line of work, I suggest reaching out to the local CPA association for information and guidance."}
{"2762": "\n\nRevised:\n\nDetermining your life insurance need can be made simple with the D.I.M.E. method. D stands for debt, including all car loans, credit card balances, student loans, business loans, and any other outstanding debts. I represents income, calculated by multiplying your annual income by 10 years for income replacement. M is for mortgage, which includes your home mortgage balance. E stands for education, covering your children's education expenses. By totaling up these factors, you should arrive at an appropriate amount of life insurance coverage that is sufficient for the majority of people. Keep in mind that your life insurance needs may evolve as you progress through different stages of life. Therefore, it is recommended to sit down with your life insurance agent annually to review your policy and make any necessary adjustments."}
{"2763": "\n\n\nWhen making an offer, the buyer may choose to disclose their financing arrangements to the seller as it can make their offer more attractive. However, closing a deal typically takes between 30 to 60 days and if the buyer is unable to come up with the necessary funds by then, the offer falls through, which can be risky for the seller. Therefore, it is beneficial for the seller to understand the likelihood that the buyer can obtain the necessary cash by the closing date before accepting an offer. The amount of the down payment compared to the amount of financing is also relevant to the seller. \n\nFor example, when I sold a house, the buyer did not have any money for a down payment and was even borrowing the closing costs. Although we accepted their offer, the bank's appraisal came in lower than the purchase price. This would not have been an issue usually, as long as the appraisal was higher than the amount borrowed. However, because the amount borrowed was higher than the appraisal, the deal was at risk. To continue, the buyer would have had to find additional funds (which they were unable to do), or we would have had to lower the price. It was a risk accepting the offer from a buyer with no funds, but in our case, we were fortunate and found errors in the appraisal, which were corrected."}
{"2764": "\n\nRevised: In the USA, it is possible to make the interest on an intra-family loan deductible if the loan is structured and filed as an actual mortgage on a primary residence. There are several firms that specialize in this, and a web search for \"intra-family loan\" will provide numerous options. However, the paperwork and filing fees cost around $700, so it may not be worth considering unless you'll pay at least three times that in interest over the loan's life. For an additional fee, the firm can handle payment processing to make the process more hands-off. It's unclear whether the processing fees and paperwork costs are deductible as a cost of producing the income. Note that the IRS sets a minimum interest rate on intra-family loans, typically around 0.3%. This sets a floor on what the lender must declare and pay taxes on. For more information and guidance, see experts in this field. The writer has no affiliation with any of these firms, except as a customer. The website provides helpful explanations about the choices and their effects, as well as how they can be used to minimize gift taxes over a set period."}
{"2765": "\n\nRevised: \n\nFor question #1, some US-based online brokers allow direct purchase of stocks on foreign exchanges, which might be more cost-effective than purchasing US-listed ADRs depending on your circumstances. One example of such brokers is Interactive Brokers, which enables US citizens to directly buy shares on many different foreign exchanges, including in France, using their online platform. For France, their current costs are 0.1% of the total trade value, with a minimum of 4\u20ac. However, note that the IB platform is not particularly user-friendly, catering mostly to traders and requiring a steep learning curve (although individual investor accounts are available). Also, IB does not automatically convert currencies, so you need to use their foreign exchange trading interface to obtain the foreign currency used to buy foreign stocks, which has some advantages and disadvantages. On the positive side, their F/X spread is very competitive, but the interface is not very intuitive. Regarding question #2, I cannot provide a specific answer for US/France. However, if you use IB, any dividends from a EUR-denominated stock would continue to accumulate in your account in Euros until you decide to convert them to dollars, or you could reinvest them in EUR if you prefer."}
{"2766": "\n\nRevised: When it comes to wash sales, any loss incurred is added to the cost basis of the subsequent purchase. Let's say your original cost basis was $10,000 and you sell the stock for $9,000, resulting in a loss of $1,000. If you buy the stock again, let's say for $8,500, and eventually sell it for $9,000, your cost basis is adjusted by the $1,000 loss, leaving you with a net loss of $500. Even if you purchase the stock again for $10,500 and sell it for $9,500, the $500 loss gets added to your cost basis, resulting in a net loss of $1,500. Since there was no net gain, you are not required to pay any taxes for these transactions."}
{"2767": "\n\nRevised: It's understandable that companies like 'Legal Claimant Services' are making a profit by providing a necessary service. After all, that's the essence of capitalism - businesses need to make money to survive. But, just like any other task that you can do yourself - from cooking to mowing the lawn, it's always more cost-effective to handle it independently. When I received a letter about a potential claim, I took some time to research online and came across this website. The information provided helped me validate the claim, and I followed a few easy steps to manage the process myself, enabling me to keep the entire settlement amount instead of losing 30%."}
{"2768": "\n\nTo get reimbursed, you can purchase the items yourself, and then submit an expense report to the company while keeping all receipts. Alternatively, paying through a company check is acceptable, but it's possible that some stores may not accept checks."}
{"2769": "\n\nIt seems likely that your company won't pay for your Internet service. While you could refuse to pay for it, this could negatively impact your career. There is no legal requirement for your company to cover this expense unless it is outlined in a contract. Your best option may be to claim it as a business expense on your tax returns."}
{"2770": "\n\nTo thoroughly answer your question, we require additional information, such as the exchange, session, traded security, and order type. Most exchanges offer partial fills, meaning that your order may be partially executed and altered. In the scenario you presented, 10 shares would be executed at $100, and your order ticket would be adjusted to reflect the remaining 990 shares at $100. As John Bensin noted, there are methods for preventing partial fills through order modifiers, such as Fill-or-Kill. Additionally, it is possible to execute a partial fill while simultaneously avoiding a modified order in the system. This can be done by marking the order Immediate-or-Cancel (IoC). Under this approach, your order would be partially filled (10 shares @ $100), after which you would need to enter a new order for the remaining 990 shares."}
{"2771": "\n\nThe rules for margins can be quite complex. With a non-margin account and a simple buy, you won't come across any margin rules. In case of a dip, waiting it out is possible, provided you have confidence that the stock will recover. On the other hand, even a straightforward short sale could result in a margin call and you would need to inject additional funds to avoid being stuck. Personally, I find it challenging to keep track of short sale margin rules, in comparison to a long sale. I made a mistake while shorting AMZN once, as I believed it was overvalued at the time, and although it kept going up, I wanted it to come down. Unfortunately, I lost a considerable amount of money, and I have never encountered a similar situation with a long position."}
{"2772": "\n\nI recommend considering the suggestions for collaborating with your local credit union and seeking guidance from co-workers who may have experience with the home purchasing process. It's also essential to educate yourself as much as possible to ensure that you understand the calculations involved in determining the different values. In my experience, there were discrepancies between the online quotes and the GFE, and it was not immediately apparent to me. I suggest attending free workshops for first-time homebuyers to gain a better understanding of the process and get organized with worksheets and lists of necessary documentation. Start by exploring resources on the HUD site, especially the Borrower's Rights section. The cost booklet proved to be invaluable in interpreting the GFE, although I didn't fully appreciate it initially. Lastly, it's worth checking to see if you qualify for any FHA programs that could help. While the waitlists may be discouraging, it's still beneficial to be aware of available programs."}
{"2773": "\n\nBased on the references provided, it appears that the MIR includes the date of issuance but not the time. However, the information displayed in the provided example appears to be a timestamp followed by the MIR. A separate field for input time is also shown in an example from IBM."}
{"2774": "\n\nAccording to IRS Pub 554 (click to access full document), individuals are advised to refrain from filing a federal income tax return if they do not meet the filing requirements and are not entitled to a refund. However, if you are a U.S. citizen or resident alien, you are required to file a return if your gross income for the year equals or exceeds the amount specified on the appropriate line in Table 1-1 (as provided in the publication). Even if you don't receive wages, you may have earned interest, dividends, capital gains, or sales proceeds from a home, in which case a special note indicates that you must file a tax return, even if you qualify for the primary residence exclusion."}
{"2775": "Institutional investors, including pension funds, insurance companies, and corporations managing their money, make up a significant portion of long-term holdings, rather than private investors or mutual funds. According to the Tax Policy Center, individuals and individually managed retirement accounts own around 50% of corporate stock. However, this number includes ESOP and company founders, which can be misleading. In reality, individuals control about half of all stocks, but active institutional investors and day traders also play a role in the market. Whether stocks are undervalued or overvalued, active traders can influence prices, whereas passive investors typically only buy or sell as money is invested or withdrawn. As long as there are active traders in the market, the impact of those who switch to index funds is offset by others who remain actively engaged. Therefore, this is not a significant concern at this time."}
{"2776": "\n\nHave you ever wondered how a check-cashing business can be profitable? You'd be surprised at how much revenue these businesses can generate and how many people rely on them to cash their checks quickly. While most banks can cash a check written to \"cash\" for free, some may require processing time or charge a fee if the check is not from the same bank. Additionally, some personal checks may not be processed the same day. However, not all checks cashed at these businesses are fraudulent; some may require ID verification or have limitations on the amount of the check that can be cashed. Of course, the business risks losing money if a check bounces or is fake, but they attempt to minimize these losses through certain requirements before cashing a check. These check-cashing businesses can appeal to anyone who needs quick cash or prefers to keep their transactions discreet. Despite any concerns one may have, there is a demand for this service."}
{"2777": "\n\n\nRevised: If you are an exporter and have given an invoice for your exports, PayPal will pay service tax. As an exporter myself, I am familiar with the rules, and sometimes even the Chartered Accountant may not be familiar with how PayPal works. Therefore, simply provide your PayPal statement along with the deduction being made."}
{"2778": "\n\nAre you curious about seller financing, a common and straightforward practice for those who own their homes outright? Suppose you're a senior looking to downsize, and you've found a buyer who likes your property but is struggling to get financing due to some unforeseen medical bills. In that case, you may offer to hold the mortgage for them, allowing them to pay you instead of a bank. You'll agree on an interest rate, and you'll have a lien on the house similar to any mortgage holder. The buyer will need to secure fire, theft, and vandalism insurance on the property, and when you pass away, your heirs will receive the income, or the buyer can pay in full. If you're wondering about the paperwork involved, it's best to hire a professional, like a real estate attorney, to ensure everything is done correctly. Always go the specialist route and avoid using a general family lawyer. While we can provide excellent advice, making a small mistake during a DIY attempt can be far more costly than seeking professional help."}
{"2779": "\n\nJ - It may not be worth approaching the answer from the W4 perspective (for calculation purposes). I strongly suggest using tax software, such as the 2016 SW or a current year one available online, to estimate your total tax bill for the year. You can then review the current run rate of tax paid to determine if you are on track. If you have a significant shortfall, you can easily adjust your withholdings. If you are on track to receive a significant refund, make the necessary adjustments for better tracking next year. Please note that a withholding allowance is equivalent to a personal exemption. It is important to note that some may believe that \"4\" in the W4 allowance form indicates the number of people in the household, while it actually means \"do not tax 4 x $4050\" because the combined amount totals $16,200, including people or tax deductions."}
{"2780": "I apologize if my reference to Fox News offended you. My intention was not to suggest that you lack knowledge, but I would like to clarify that 403(b) is not a pension account. Pension accounts are typically \"defined benefit\" accounts, while 403(b)/401(k) accounts and similar are \"defined contribution\" accounts. The difference between the two is significant - pension accounts create a liability for the employer, while defined contribution accounts do not. With pension accounts, the employer commits to paying a certain amount at retirement, regardless of the employee/employer contributions or the account's performance. This makes it a debt-like obligation. Defined contribution accounts, on the other hand, do not create this liability - the employer is only committed to the current match. The employee manages the account after that, and whatever is in the account at retirement is theirs.\n\nThe problem with pension accounts is that many employers have promised defined benefits but did not allocate enough money to pay for them. As a result, these pension accounts have become debts rather than assets, and the retirees are debt holders. If the employer cannot pay its debts, the retirees may not receive their full benefits. This has happened in many places, including Detroit.\n\n403(b) accounts are a solution to this problem because they are defined contribution accounts. Rather than promising defined benefits, employers commit to defined contributions. After that, it is up to the employee to manage their account and ensure they have enough savings at retirement."}
{"2781": "\n\nIs this a transaction between two banks in the USA? If so, it should clear within one to two business days. Once the payment is cleared, the landlord cannot cancel it. However, he could falsely claim that the check was fraudulent and attempt a chargeback. If you want to ensure that the money will not be recalled, you can visit the landlord's bank and cash the check as a non-customer, although there will be a small fee involved. I recommend keeping a photocopy of the check and attaching your receipt as proof that the check was cashed, in case of any future legal action."}
{"2782": "\n\nRevised text: According to IRS Publication 502, medical expenses include any costs related to diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, as well as costs associated with treatments affecting any part or function of the body. However, loan interest and fees are not considered medical expenses under this definition. Instead, they are considered to be costs associated with the payment method chosen, in this case a loan. The IRS has specifically outlined where loan interest can be deductible, such as in Publication 936 for home mortgage interest deductions and Publication 970 for student loan interest deductions. Because there is no publication discussing medical expense loan interest deductions and given Publication 502's definition of medical expenses, it is safe to assume that medical loan interest and fees are not deductible."}
{"2783": "\n\nRevised: An order is not an actual transaction, but rather a request for a transaction to take place. Therefore, if the transaction is never completed due to the cancellation of the order, no fees should be charged. As for the stamp duty, it appears that one only pays it when purchasing shares and is not refunded when selling them. Capital gains taxes may still be applicable. This is logical, as if the tax were refunded upon sale, it would be shifted from the buyer to the seller, making it impossible for the government to collect any revenue. As I am not a UK tax expert, I recommend consulting further resources or a professional for more information."}
{"2784": "\n\nAfter conducting research, I discovered that several sources suggest the Indo-US treaty provision only extends for five years. For example, on page 20, one reference states that the treaty exemption for students generally lasts for the first five calendar years, except for students from Belgium, Bulgaria, China, The Netherlands, and Pakistan. However, I was unable to locate a specific timeframe in either the treaty itself or the technical explanation. The explanation states that an Indian resident who visits the United States as a student, becomes a U.S. resident, and is not a U.S. citizen or immigrant is exempt from U.S. tax according to this Article. However, the treaty explicitly outlines that the benefits of this provision only last for the period reasonably required to complete the education or training undertaken. The purpose of this paragraph is to avoid artificially prolonging student status, and the five-year limit may stem from the interpretation of this clause. A similar provision exists in the US-China treaty, where exemptions are restricted to the time necessary to complete the education or training. The period for the most undergraduate college or university degrees is typically four years, and for advanced degrees like medicine, the required time may be longer, up to seven years. As such, it is my personal belief that if you are an undergraduate student working toward the same degree, you may no longer qualify for the treaty benefit. I recommend seeking advice from a professional tax expert, such as an EA/CPA licensed in your state, for more reliable guidance on this matter. Please note that I am not a tax professional, and my comments do not constitute tax advice."}
{"2785": "\n\nLong-term government bonds are highly sensitive to seemingly small fluctuations in interest rates because they discount many years of future cash inflows at low rates. However, this sensitivity is less pronounced in a high interest rate environment. For instance, with a 4% interest rate, the principal repayment on a bond after 30 years is only about 1/3 of what it is today. In contrast, an overnight loan with an unrealistic 4% interest rate is worth almost the same as the principal, but is only worth a fraction of the principal after 30 years. This phenomenon is more profound in low-interest rate economies, where overnight interest rates are often double that of US long-term rates, while long-term rates are almost 10 times larger than US long-term rates.\n\nIf there were more supply of longer maturities with reasonable interest rates, a 4% increase in a 30-year bond's interest rate would only lead to a 20% decrease in bond price, whereas a 4% increase for a 4% bond would cause a 50% decrease in bond price. The easiest long-term bond to manipulate quantitatively is the perpetuity, where p is the price of the bond, i is the interest payment per year, and r is the interest rate paid per year. Since these values are interdependent, one can derive a price for a given interest rate and vice versa, provided that the interest payment is known or assumed. For example, at a 4% interest rate, the price is X, while at a 4.04% rate, the price is X-0.8%.\n\nWith longer-term bonds, such as 30 or 20-year bonds, price movements are not as extreme due to the longer maturity period. For instance, the constant maturity 30-year treasury has fluctuated between 5% and 2.5% to approximately 3.75% now. This means that prices have more or less doubled and then reduced because bond prices are inversely proportional to interest rates. Conversely, with shorter maturities, such as the one-month bill, this phenomenon is negligible because future cash inflows are discounted at such a low rate. While the one-month bill rarely fluctuates beyond its bid/ask spread during an economic expansion, it can be expected to experience price drops before and rebounds after a recession."}
{"2786": "\n\nMore information is needed to advise appropriately. What are your financial goals and current situation? While discounts for buying company stock can be alluring, investing in a single stock is inherently risky, as market conditions may lead to sharp drops in its value. Additionally, is it wise to invest both your salary and savings in one basket? These are the two main reasons why I have abstained from participating in Employee Stock Purchase Plans (ESPPs) throughout my career, despite having been tempted 20 years ago. While owning some stock worked out reasonably well for me, it could have just as easily went the other way. It's important to consider your timeline for holding the stock and whether you can handle drastic drops in its value. Some of my colleagues continue to invest in their company's ESPP but choose to sell right after every purchase to avoid short-term losses. However, this strategy also means potentially missing out on long-term gains. Ultimately, it's vital to weigh the potential risks and benefits before deciding whether to participate."}
{"2787": "\n\nYou won't be taxed for simply having a bank account in Germany since taxes are based on income. Nonetheless, if your bank account accrues interest, you will be required to pay taxes on the earned interest. It is unlikely that you will acquire a bank account without residency or income since banks generally require them. Nevertheless, you may give it a try."}
{"2788": "\n\nI used to have ScottradeElite installed on my desktop and played around with it, but I no longer find it necessary. The transactions I make with Scottrade are primarily based on my personal goals for the securities, rather than market fluctuations. It's important to remember that there will always be individuals with better access to real-time price changes and more advanced hardware, which makes it difficult to compete with them."}
{"2789": "\n\nYou purchased 1 share of Google at $67.05, and it is now trading at $1204.11. That represents a substantial increase, especially when compared to a widget that you bought for less than $70 but now sells for over $1200. However, it's important to be cautious when inputting prices into a portfolio tool, as some individuals may use options to set a strike price that differs significantly from the current trading price. For instance, your gain of $1122.06 on an initial cost of $82.05 explains the 1367% increase. If there are errors in the portfolio, then the data can be misleading, so it's necessary to double-check the information you inputted. Did you intend to include something else?"}
{"2790": "\n\nThe Business Dictionary provides three definitions of \"turnover\". In the context of share dealing, the most relevant definition is the total value of shares traded on the stock exchange during a specified time frame."}
{"2791": "\n\nSelftrade has them listed. However, it is uncertain if individuals in the US can sign up due to potential FATCA complications."}
{"2792": "\n\nSeveral brokers offer the possibility of transferring shares to another broker without having to sell them. However, the specific forms required and any additional requirements that must be met depend on the type of account one holds and the particular broker involved."}
{"2793": "\n\nAs long as individuals continue to use cars and develop urban sprawl without questioning the consequences, and are willing to pay a premium for being stranded in traffic every working day, there seems to be no reason why fuel producers would not increase their prices. With the escalating demand from rapidly developing countries such as China and limited global resources, fuel is currently a valuable commodity. However, I must clarify that I am not providing specific details regarding fuel prices in Australia."}
{"2794": "\n\nThe same question arose in our office, and we received a response from a senior colleague. According to him, it can be referred to as CARC, which stands for Compounded Annual Rate of Change."}
{"2795": "\n\nTo comprehend the Twist, it is essential to understand what the Yield Curve is and how the price of debt is inversely related to the interest rate. For instance, a rise in bond, note or bill prices indicates an increase in the current price and decrease in the yield to maturity. As of early 2012, the short-term rate is close to zero, and the Fed has already utilized its tools, including setting short-term rates, to their maximum extent. However, mortgages are typically based on 10-year rates, which requires the Fed to lower long-term rates further. The next step in the Fed's strategy is to purchase 10-year notes in substantial quantities, thus impacting the yield at that point on the curve. By buying (recall supply/demand), the price is increased, and for debt, a higher price translates into a lower yield. To finance this, short-term debt will be sold. These two transactions aim to \"twist\" the curve to lower long-term rates and stimulate the economy."}
{"2796": "\n\nThe straightforward explanation is that stocks that don't split have a higher price per share. However, it's essential to ask a better question - why do most stocks regularly split? Typically, stocks split to give the impression that they have become more affordable, thereby encouraging investors to purchase more shares. Nevertheless, some individuals, like Warren Buffett of Berkshire Hathaway, refuse to engage in such conventions. Buffett also believes that stock splits generate unnecessary volatility."}
{"2797": "\n\nHow is the new value determined for inherited property? According to Publication 551: Inherited Property, there are generally three options: \n\n1. The Fair Market Value (FMV) of the property on the date of the individual's death. \n2. The FMV on the alternate valuation date, if chosen by the personal representative of the estate. For more information on the alternate valuation date, refer to the Instructions for Form 706. \n3. The value under the special-use valuation method for real property used in farming or a closely held business, if chosen for estate tax purposes. \n\nFMV refers to the price a willing buyer would pay for the property with reasonable knowledge of all its facts. The aforementioned options mostly apply to farmland or other special-purpose land. Real estate professionals generally run \"comps\" to provide rough estimates of FMV based on recent sales in the same area for similar houses. \n\nIt is important to note that tax assessment may or may not be accurate depending on tax laws and consistency with the actual market. Getting an independent appraiser to appraise the value of the property and include that assessment with the will is not necessary - another appraisal will likely be done as part of the estate process after death. However, you might choose to do one if you're distributing different assets to different heirs and want to ensure equitable division of the estate."}
{"2798": "\n\nI agree with Mikeazo's answer. If you were paid in cash, would you invest it in the company's stock right away? While many of us aspire to be the next Steve Jobs or Woz, the reality is that such visionary leaders are rare. It's unlikely that you are one of them. Similar questions have been asked on this site before, so be sure to look up previous answers."}
{"2799": "\n\nThe top 5 investment options in a 401(k) plan usually follow the Department of Labor's recommendation of offering three diversified options with different risk and return objectives. These typically include a short-term bond fund, which has a low risk of negative returns in the short-term, a large-cap fund, often tracking the S&P index, a balanced fund with a mix of options, and the option to invest in the company's stock. However, it is not advisable to invest all savings in the company's stock since if the company fails, there will be no job or savings left.\n\nRegarding the mention of Microsoft, it is not recommended to make granular investment decisions within a 401(k) plan, as one may not have the option of managing investments with such detail. For instance, if an individual believes that a particular stock or sector is overvalued, they may not be able to exit the S&P fund and buy into a bond fund or other options. If one is skilled in choosing individual stocks, and the 401(k) plan does not offer a brokerage window, it is better to invest outside the plan. However, if the 401(k) plan offers a matching deposit, it is crucial not to ignore that opportunity."}
{"2800": "\n\nCongratulations on your sound financial planning so far! You're headed in the right direction. Your question is very insightful. To begin with, I agree with @littleadv about taking advantage of your employer match. Be sure not to decrease your 401(k) contributions below that threshold. Kudos on opting for a Roth account. Next, ask yourself whether you have any outstanding debts. If so, channel any surplus gains towards paying off your debts before executing any long-term plans.\n\nThe next step would be to crunch some numbers for your business venture. What will be the nature of your business, and how much capital will you require to launch it? Are there any part-time gigs that you can take up now that will help you prepare for your future enterprise? Once you have a number in mind, seek out mutual funds that carry low beta risks and establish how much you need to save each month to reach your target. For instance, if you need $20,000 and find a fund that has delivered 8% returns over the past two decades, you will need to save $110 each month for ten years, or $273 monthly for five years. This would be a time-value of money calculation.\n\nAlthough purchasing a house is a long-term goal, similar calculations can be done. Consider the likelihood of your income and location significantly changing in the next few years, then double down on financial planning for your business and direct half of those funds towards purchasing a home."}
{"2801": "\n\nA common strategy for avoiding the pattern trading equity requirement is to create several brokerage accounts. For instance, with $10k, you could allocate $5k to one account and $5k to another. However, I advise against this practice."}
{"2802": "\n\nTo reduce your monthly payments, consider eliminating one of your student loans. Make minimum payments on the others and use additional funds to pay off one loan as aggressively as possible. This strategy assumes that you have separate loans for each year of school. However, be careful not to neglect saving for a down payment. Every dollar you put down can save you money on mortgage payments and reduce mortgage insurance costs. Although paying off one loan aggressively could be helpful, it may not necessarily qualify you for a mortgage if you have insufficient savings. One way to maximize the impact is to delay making additional payments until you are ready to apply for the mortgage. Consult with your lender to determine whether you need to eliminate a loan to qualify. If not necessary, use the extra funds for a larger down payment or to pay points and reduce the interest rate."}
{"2803": "\n\nThere are certain standards that modern checks must meet. Although not required by law, most banks insist on these standards today. If you meet these standards and choose to print your own checks at home, you are permitted to do so. A common way of doing this is by using purchased check blanks and check printing software. Most office supply stores offer check blanks that fit standard computer printers. These blanks possess necessary check security features, and using the check printing software, you can print your personal information, including your bank and account details.\n\nThe account numbers located at the bottom of your checks are known as the MICR code, which stands for Magnetic Ink Character Recognition. While checks purchased from banks still use magnetic ink, modern check readers are optical and do not require it. Hence, checks can be printed using standard ink/toner, and there should not be any issue. Blank check paper can be purchased from stores and can be printed using Excel, but this could pose a problem when printing the MICR code. In such cases, you may need to install an MICR font and experiment with its size and placement.\n\nHowever, printing your checks without purchasing blank check paper would deprive them of the security features such as microprinting, watermarks, erasure protection, and anti-photocopying background, among others. It may not make much difference if you are depositing checks via mobile phone apps, but writing checks to other individuals might pose a risk. Due to the extensive check fraud in circulation, most bank tellers are extremely cautious when dealing with checks. To reduce the likelihood of your check being questioned, it is recommended to use check paper that contains security features as this will make them look more similar to a genuine check."}
{"2804": "\n\nCan the weights of ETF's change? Yes, they can. However, whether or not they will change depends on various factors. ETF's are not fixed from their inception to their de-listing. It is not possible for the weights to remain fixed since different assets offer different returns. Thus, the weights of ETF's are constantly changing as long as the market is moving. Fund managers usually rebalance their portfolios after a certain period or substantial market move, bringing the weights back to a certain target. The target weights may not necessarily be the same as the initial weights, but they depend on the ETF's objective, as stated in the prospectus. For instance, if the manager drops the weight of the most volatile stock, the ETF's returns and the returns of the 5 stocks it tracks could be substantially different in the next period. This is undesirable when an ETF's objective is to track the performance of its underlying assets. Most ETFs are passively-managed, and the fund managers do not earn fees for active management. Therefore, they have no incentives to adjust the weights if their portfolios are tracking the benchmarks satisfactorily."}
{"2805": "\n\nIt wouldn't provide any substantial financial benefit to you personally, given the limited impact it would have on the debt. Meanwhile, you would lose the money you donated."}
{"2806": "\n\nOne of the most compelling explanations for America's global dominance after World War II was presented by Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber, a French author of \"The American Challenge.\" John Templeton, a renowned investor who borrowed $10,000 before the war, is perhaps the only individual of his generation to have significantly benefited from the war, as he ended up with $40,000 (equivalent to ten times more in today's currency). His remarkable account, along with those of others, can be found in John Train's book, \"The Money Masters.\""}
{"2807": "\n\nWolframAlpha, a mathematics website, is a source of such data, including historic p/e data for Apple. To access data for other companies, simply type \"p/e code\" in the search box; for instance, \"p/e XOM\" for Exxon. A drop-down list box is available to select the reporting period, ranging from two to ten years or all data. In addition to the chart, the minimum, maximum, and average p/e for the selected period are displayed, along with dates when they were valid."}
{"2808": "\n\nAn estate plan can be highly critical. It aims to minimize uncertainties regarding the administration of a probate while increasing the value of the estate by reducing tax liabilities and other expenses. Guardians can also be designated for minors and beneficiaries in the case of incapacity. Your \u201cestate\u201d generally comprises all your assets and death benefits minus debt, including life insurance policies not held in an irrevocable trust. The primary reason to draft an estate plan is to ensure that your personal values concerning medical and financial issues are honored, in the event of death or incapacity. Tax minimization is another crucial objective of estate planning, specifically for those with taxable estates. To create or update an estate plan, it is usually necessary to seek an estate planning attorney\u2019s services. The attorney considers your preferred asset distribution strategy to heirs, assesses any potential tax liabilities, applies appropriate tax-minimization tactics, evaluates your medical and financial affairs management preference in case of incapacity, and deals with any complex family issues. Your attorney will need comprehensive and accurate information about you to resolve these issues. Always make sure to comprehend the estate plan and what the lawyer is explaining. Estate planning concepts can sometimes be overwhelming, and inquiring about fees for legal services is acceptable and expected. Resources such as Estate Planning by CBA can be helpful for learning more about estate planning."}
{"2809": "\n\nAlthough JB King offers some useful insights, I believe there is another fundamental reason why stock markets tend to decrease after natural or man-made disasters. Such events have a significant impact on the economy, for instance, the aftermath of 9/11, which led to closed airports, increased security costs, tighter visa restrictions, further trade inspections, actual payments for rebuilding shattered buildings, insurance payouts for lost lives, and, eventually, the cost of war. However, the primary driver behind market downturns is the uncertainty and risks involved. Nobody knows what might happen after a catastrophic incident, and the fear of the unknown can have a severe impact on the economy. Questions such as will there be another attack a week later, or every week for the next year? Will traveling by air become impractical? Will global trade become massively restricted? All these potential outcomes can have a tremendous, terrifying effect on the stock market. \n\nIt is true that some may argue that these events are unlikely or that the markets will recover relatively soon after, yet even a minimal increase in the possibility of a devastating economic crash is more than enough to initiate panic selling. The reality is that an overreaction to uncertainty and perceived risk can drive the market down, regardless of the actual probability of the crash. If traders think the market is going down, even if they believe there is little risk of a crash, they may start to sell, exacerbating the situation further. This creates a domino effect, drawing in more investors and causing significant price drops. Eventually, the market will bottom out, and those who initially believed there was no crash risk may start to buy in the hopes of benefiting from the eventual recovery. Regrettably, this recovery usually only happens once there has been a substantial drop in the market's value."}
{"2810": "\n\nIn 2013, I decided to use H&R Block for my 2012 taxes and the process was effortless! I utilized Ubuntu 12.10 and Firefox 20 and experienced no issues during the entire process. Despite Firefox not being included on the \"supported\" platform list, the application performed without any hitches. I opted for the deluxe version of H&R Block to determine my mortgage and home business deductions. However, I suspect all H&R Block versions would have fulfilled my needs."}
{"2811": "\n\nAlthough I am typically not a proponent of dividing investment funds into separate categories or \"buckets,\" in your situation, it seems to be the most logical approach. Your income and savings are significant, and you have defined two specific targets - retirement and purchasing a home - with quite distinct timelines, roughly 30 years and 3-5 years, respectively. When it comes to medium-term money allocation, focusing on cash accumulation is a reasonable idea, as it minimizes your risk of withdrawing funds during a stock market crash. However, considering that you possess the means to take on a higher level of risk, it would be advisable to allocate a large portion of your funds to a general bond fund with some percentage towards equities, reducing the equity portion each year as you draw nearer to your goal, and transitioning some percentage of funds to liquid cash. This plan should provide a reasonable expected return while reducing the chance of having to make a sale during a crisis near your purchase date. On the other hand, your retirement money should be invested for the long term, as per typical advice. A majority of low-fee index stock funds/ ETFs is a standard recommendation for logical reasons."}
{"2812": "\n\nIt's highly probable that you'll witness numerous daunting market occurrences before entering your later years. Although there are many viewpoints on this matter, here's my take: if you're confined to selecting predetermined mutual fund products, aim for something that offers a reasonable return to satisfy two objectives. The third objective is to reserve some amount in cash, for a possible calamity. I suggest a 65/35 investment allocation at this time - investing 65% and keeping the remainder for potential opportunities. The next crisis could come anytime, hence stay invested."}
{"2813": "\n\nRewritten:\n\nScanning receipts is a straightforward task, and most standard scanners can handle it efficiently. However, the real challenge lies in the software that extracts the data. Unfortunately, no software currently exists that can extract data accurately due to the vast diversity of receipts, including handwritten ones and those written in foreign languages. That's why services such as Shoeboxed (in the US) and Receipt Bank (in Europe), which offer reliable data extraction, are gaining popularity. (Note: Michael Wood's web profile shows a connection to Receipt Bank.)"}
{"2814": "\n\nThe government registers financial institutions primarily to ensure the safety of the government, such as detecting money laundering and financing terrorism, rather than to safeguard customers. Governments have multiple levels of registration and regulatory bodies, and the most stringent requirements apply only to banks, which often have precautions in place to guarantee customers' deposits, though with limitations. For example, in most EU countries, the state guarantees deposits up to 100kEUR. Companies like forex or currency exchanges aim to avoid as many regulations as possible due to the high cost. When a company offers guarantee funds and customer insurance, it should disclose it on their website. However, trusting a financial service provider is misleading since you do not have to \"trust\" your grocery store to purchase there, nor is there a guaranteed taste guarantee for the groceries. Like any other product, financial services should be treated similarly. I suggest that your aunt starts with smaller transactions and increases the amount if the service is reliable while decreasing transactions done via the bank. It is always wise to send smaller amounts more frequently than significant sums at once, though it is more time-consuming and arduous than using a bank, it guarantees safety and convenience, which is worth the premium cost paid."}
{"2815": "\n\nRevised: Companies strive to maintain high stock prices for various reasons, but a solid growth plan typically leads to stable prices without intervention. However, some companies resort to measures such as using cash or issuing bonds to sustain dividends, or buying back stocks, which may temporarily inflate prices but are not sustainable and may be viewed as desperate. Bonds, on the other hand, follow a straightforward valuation model based on fixed monthly payouts, and their prices are impacted by interest rates and credit ratings. The price of bonds matters to governments because it affects their ability to issue new bonds at desirable rates. When a bond's price drops due to uncertain conditions, the payout remains the same, but new bonds may need to offer higher rates to attract buyers. While it is possible for a government or company to buy their own bonds to bolster the market, this may not be practical if they are issuing bonds to raise cash they do not have. In some cases, governments may use policies such as Quantitative Easing to address economic conditions beyond the goal of keeping bond prices up."}
{"2816": "\n\nMy recommendation is straightforward - rent. The fact that you are asking whether or not you should buy a home suggests that you may not be ready for the responsibility and permanence that comes with homeownership. Whether or not it is financially wise to buy a home is less important than your emotional readiness. Once you commit to owning, you are tied to the same location, number of rooms, and set of circumstances for the next 5-7 years. It is unlikely that you will be able to sell the house for a profit, recoup your minor equity, or obtain a second loan during this time. Additionally, since you are getting married soon and may have a growing family, you are in an emotionally and financially turbulent time in your life. This is not the time to make a significant purchase; instead, focus on improving your credit rating by renting. In five years, you will have a much better credit rating, receive better rates and fees, and have a clearer understanding of where you want to be in terms of your home and family situation. Buying a house is a long-term commitment that requires extensive preparation and planning. Rushing into homeownership can lead to foreclosure and years of financial struggle."}
{"2817": "\n\nA potentially more adaptable alternative is available through Yahoo Finance. For instance, to view the Dow Jones Industrial Average, simply follow this link: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=%5EDJI&a=9&b=1&c=1928&d=3&e=10&f=2012&g=d&z=66&y=0. While the ability to download individual stocks to a spreadsheet is available, it is unclear why this feature is not offered for indexes. However, copy and paste should suffice in such cases. For example, to access historical prices for ACTC.OB, go to http://finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=ACTC.OB+Historical+Prices."}
{"2818": "\n\nThe post-tender price already includes arbitrage, making it lower than the $65 price on the market, which reflects the risk that the $65 may not be paid and the time value of money until disbursement. By purchasing the stock, you are taking on the risk of it rapidly losing value if the deal falls through or waiting for the i-bank to release the tender offer amount. JOSB traded lower two and four months ago, and if the deal fails, you could be stuck with a big loss or waiting for a better deal. However, the market believes the risk is small, and if the payout is $65, you get a discount for time value and failed-merger risk. You can still make money on it if the merger goes through, but some investors may have other ways to make money that are less risky. The tender offer of the incipient merger of two publicly traded companies is already heavily arbitraged, as discussed in this article."}
{"2819": "\n\nAccording to what I've read, they deducted the $85 you owed them and are issuing you a cashier's check for the remainder. From an ethical standpoint, you were in debt to them, and they have deducted it before giving you the remaining amount. Once you cash the check, there will be no outstanding debts. It seems like they have fulfilled their obligation. \n\nAs for the legality of the situation, I cannot provide insight as I am not a lawyer. However, it may not be worth the effort and money to take legal action for $85. Even pursuing it in small claims court may consume more time than it's worth. Since you are retired, waiting twelve days for clearance is not unreasonable considering the timeline for checks previously. Although ACH transfers and same-day deposits are now common, this may not have been the case during your earlier years. \n\nIn summary, it may be best to stop depositing to this bank, switch to a new one, and move past this situation. Instead of focusing on getting revenge, use this opportunity to enjoy your life to the fullest."}
{"2820": "\n\nIf you choose to purchase the stock, it will have a value of $1, but a basis of $2. The loss will only be actualized when the shares are eventually sold. Naturally, our expectation is that the value of the stock will rise above this price. Otherwise, why make the purchase in the first place?"}
{"2821": "\n\nAccording to this website, when using Quicken, you need to enter a new transaction titled \"Corporate Acquisition (stock for stock).\" In this transaction, you should indicate that the investor shares are the \"Company acquired,\" Admiral shares are the \"Acquiring company,\" and the conversion ratio 0.7997754 as the \"New shares issued per held share\" number. However, it appears this approach may have some issues, as commenters have noted having to manually adjust the share price due to rounding problems."}
{"2822": "\n\nRevised: Despite their significance, dividend yield and yield history are often overlooked factors that should be considered when evaluating a stock for long-term investment. I have allocated a substantial portion of my portfolio to dividend-paying stocks/MLPs, which provide consistent returns ranging from 6-11%. These investments are particularly beneficial when deposit and bond yields are unfavorable, providing a relatively secure source of income."}
{"2823": "\n\nThere are numerous local currency initiatives in the US, all of which aim to establish a standard wage or support local consumption networks. If you reside within the vicinity of any of these initiatives, explore the possibility of obtaining a grant or loan to begin your project (provided you agree with the group's philosophy, which may include a minimum wage of $10)."}
{"2824": "\n\nIn the equities business, there is a timeless adage: \"buy on rumor, sell on fact.\" This means that when there is a rumor about a potential merger, the strategy is to buy immediately, then sell when the news is announced. This is typically when the market sees the biggest bounce as part of the merger. However, it is crucial to understand which company benefits the most (or which is hurt the most) by the merger before making a play.\n\nIn some cases, the company being acquired will see a bounce, while the acquiring firm takes a hit. This indicates that experts believe the acquisition will be a burden on the acquiring company due to the acquisition's high debt or the acquiring firm paying too much of a premium without receiving equivalent returns. Conversely, in other cases, the opposite is true, where the company being acquired takes a hit while the buyer bounces. The reasons for these outcomes can vary significantly.\n\nIf you wait until the merger is announced, the premium from the news will have already been realized, and you'll likely be buying at the top of the market for the stock. To succeed in this approach, you need to see the opportunities before others and know when to sell before the market does. While it's challenging to anticipate markets, it is doable with adequate research and patience. Best of luck!"}
{"2825": "\n\nWhile money market accounts offer the benefit of liquidity and easy access to funds, there are also significant drawbacks to consider. These include low interest rates and fees for maintaining the account. Despite these downsides, money market accounts may be a good option for anyone seeking a secure place to store their emergency funds."}
{"2826": "\n\nTo simplify matters, use gold as the primary standard. The price of gold remains constant, while FIAT currencies fluctuate in accordance with the price of gold. By comparing the US dollar and Australian dollar against gold, you can determine which currency is rising and which is falling."}
{"2827": "\n\nI discovered a clear explanation of financing charges at http://www.contracts-for-difference.com/Financing-charge.html. Financing is calculated by multiplying the overall position size by the interest rate (LIBOR + 2%), then dividing that by 365 multiplied by the number of days the position is open. For example, an overnight long position may have an interest rate of 6% (0.06). To calculate the cost of holding a long position for a specific number of days, you need to divide 0.06 by 365, then multiply that by X days and the trade size. For a trade size of $20,000 held for 30 days, the interest cost would be approximately $98.6. It is important to note that financing charges may reduce returns when long positions are held for extended periods."}
{"2828": "\n\nI recall reading about a software created by a man which ensured that no two airline passengers paid the same fare. This amusing yet seemingly true anecdote was shared by humorist Dave Barry. To avoid this unpredictability, research the optimal time frame to purchase your tickets. The ideal window fluctuates considerably based on several factors, such as the time of day, week, or year you book, the plane's capacity, and the airline you choose. Furthermore, accumulating frequent flier miles may enable you to reduce the cost of your journeys."}
{"2829": "\n\nIf you do not require the money immediately, you can apply the Rule of 72 to it. Consult your parents' financial advisor to make an investment with the money. The investment will double periodically based on the rate of return. For instance, with an 8% interest rate, the money will double every 9 years. 45 years later, the initial investment will have doubled five times providing a lucrative return. Investing at your age is profitable, and time works in your favor. However, you should consider saving money for your college education. Graduating debt-free is an excellent long-term plan."}
{"2830": "\n\nThe major benefit of forming an LLC is asset protection. If your LLC is sued, your personal assets such as your house, car, pets, or spouse are safeguarded. However, there are no financial incentives to form an LLC as the pass-thru taxation structure usually results in the same amount of taxes being paid. The cost of forming an LLC varies depending on the location and certain factors. Typically, it ranges from $300-500 to begin, depending on the state and registration authority. Additionally, there is a State Franchise Tax that varies by state, with a minimum of up to $1000 per year, and potentially more if your LLC earns over a certain amount. As a point of reference, California's state franchise tax starts at $800 per year. Although forming an LLC in a state like Nevada or Delaware may seem tempting due to their lack of franchise tax and lower filing fees, it may not be worthwhile considering the extra expenses involved with hiring a Registered Agent to act as your permanent mailing address in that state. Moreover, California may still charge you the $800 franchise tax despite your LLC being established in another state. While it's possible to dispute their claim, the hassle may not be worth it."}
{"2831": "\n\nRevised: The effectiveness of various moving averages can vary depending on the index being analyzed. In my experience, simulations have shown that their effectiveness may differ during bull and bear markets. For instance, the following link demonstrates this with an example using the 200-day exponential moving average on the S&P 500: http://www.indexresult.com/MovingAverage/Exponential/200/SP500"}
{"2832": "\n\nPersonally, I use a checkbook program to manage my spending and account balance. As with most people, I have recurring bills, such as the mortgage, insurance, and car payments, which I input into the program a month prior to their due dates. The program generates a transaction list showing the date, amount, and remaining balance. To determine my available funds, I identify the last transaction before my next payday and review the balance for that day. I keep a buffer amount of $1000 in my account to prevent overdrafts in case of errors when entering check amounts or missing some transactions. While I don't include electric or heating bills, I factor them into my calculations mentally as they fall within my cushion of funds. The program is designed by myself, but there are similar alternatives available in the market. I initially used a spreadsheet, which worked fine, but I developed this program to manage tax records for a small business that I run, even though it generates minimal income. Maintaining a ledger manually becomes cumbersome as payments are often entered out of sequence, making tracking the balance complicated. A computer program can easily sort transactions and calculate the balance efficiently."}
{"2833": "\n\nYour investment may be in a Collective Investment Trust (CIT), which differs from mutual funds as they are not publicly traded but are private to plan participants in your company. Unlike mutual funds, CITs are not required to distribute dividends but instead reinvest dividends automatically to increase the value of the fund. This means that the value of the fund grows rather than the number of shares, as with dividend reinvestment. \n\nRegarding the S&P 500 fund you mentioned, note that there are two indexes you could be referring to. If you don't make any new contributions, your fund should closely track the Total Return version for periods of three months or longer, minus the expense ratio. However, if you are adding contributions to the fund, comparing start and end balances is not sufficient. Instead, you will need to use the Internal Rate of Return (IRR), which can be calculated using the XIRR function in Excel/Google Sheets. \n\nWhile mutual funds are not strictly required to pay dividends, they are strongly incentivized to do so for tax purposes, and almost all of them do."}
{"2834": "\n\nThere are loan options available for individuals facing similar circumstances as yourself, which is a common situation. As a licensed loan officer with nmls 1301324, I have successfully facilitated numerous loans in similar cases. It's important to note that your education can be considered as part of your work history, despite common misconceptions. Our lending options are adaptable and guidelines are flexible, facilitating efficient lending processes. In contrast, banks operate differently with unlicensed loan officers and subject to stricter guidelines due to overlays. Speaking to a bank may not provide you with the expert guidance you require."}
{"2835": "\n\nHow should I allocate my short-term assets in a potentially rising interest rate environment? While it's possible that bear bond funds that short bonds could be a good investment, it's important to note that the assumption of a \"rising-interest rate environment\" may not necessarily come to fruition. It's impossible to know for certain if rates will stay where they are for the long term, and historical examples like Long-Term Capital Management remind us of the dangers of making assumptions. An alternative theory would be that \"junk bonds\" may do well in a heating up economy, but this is not a guaranteed outcome. Ultimately, to mitigate principal risk, I would suggest investing in money market funds and CDs for short-term investments."}
{"2836": "\n\nIESC experiences a one-time event with its operating income stream, which significantly increases its operating income by approximately five times. This event affects both the numerator and denominator. Without knowledge of the specific adjustments made, accurately calculating this factor requires extensive effort. However, an approximate value was determined using a basic adjustment rule. Yahoo excludes one-time events from its definitions of operating events as they can skew financial records. As a securities analysis teacher and professional, I would prefer Yahoo over Marketwatch for this security."}
{"2837": "\n\nLet's begin with a clear definition of what a Collar is: it's a protective strategy used to safeguard a position in an underlying instrument by purchasing a put option and selling a call option to offset the cost of the put option, or vice versa. With this definition in mind, it's important to note that there are two distinct types of collars, each made up of a combination of two simpler strategies. These strategies can be executed using multi-leg options orders."}
{"2838": "\n\nRevised:\n\nA hard hold is when a bank holds onto your money unnecessarily in order to make a profit for themselves. For instance, just like how a hotel takes a deposit for an overnight stay and releases it when the guest checks out, the bank may not show this release on your account. This can lead to confusion when checking your current balance, requiring a call to the bank to ask about the missing funds. Such practices by banks are illegal, as they are purposely holding onto your money until you notice the discrepancy, which can take up to 30 days to correct. Alternatively, you can call the bank right after your transaction so that the funds are available to you immediately, without waiting on the bank."}
{"2839": "\n\nA budget encompasses both expenses and revenue. However, in the context of personal finance, budgeting tends to focus primarily on expenses, given that revenue is often fixed or easily predictable, such as through a regular salary. Operating and capital budgets are two distinct categories of budgeting. An operating budget pertains to daily and essential expenses, including employee salaries and routine maintenance of infrastructure. Revenue is directly related to these expenses. Such budgets are typically completed within a single year. Capital budgets involve larger, longer-term expenditures, such as constructing a new bridge. Funding for these projects is often obtained from external sources, such as loans or other agencies. Revenue streams can vary and may be linked to the project's funding sources."}
{"2840": "\n\nI'll begin with a wry observation: the number of methods used to analyze a stock is probably equal to the number of analysts conducting the analysis! Having said that, in general, an analyst conducts a thorough investigation of a company's historical performance, including operations within divisions of the company, product development cycles, expenses vs income trends for each division and product, marketing costs, and customer acquisition costs. They also gather information regarding the company's current and future plans through conversations with company principals, and establish a perspective on related macro-economic trends, sector and industry trends, demographic trends, etc. The analyst then combines all this information to forecast a change in revenues, margins, free cash flow, dividends, etc. over a period of time. After that, they apply statistics that relate these figures to stock prices, in order to predict stock prices and price ranges over the same periods. Finally, depending on how those stock prices compare to the current stock price, they will classify the stock as a Buy, Sell, Hold, etc.\n\nThis process can be quite elaborate, which is often the case for professionals and significant fund managers. However, there are many armchair analysts sharing their output on numerous financial platforms (such as Seeking Alpha and Motley Fool) for those who desire a more comprehensive analysis. In my opinion, some of these write-ups are excellent! I want to clarify that my previous statement may have sounded negative, but it was not my intention."}
{"2841": "\n\nAs far as I know, not all colleges provide the major of Financial Economics."}
{"2842": "\n\nThe Social Security Administration offers a website to obtain a personalized estimate of your Social Security benefits. This replaces the previous annual mailing of estimates. The website details the amount you have paid towards Social Security and Medicare, along with an estimation of what you can expect to receive when you retire. Disability benefits are also discussed. It is recommended that individuals check their estimate annually; however, it may take several months for previous year's data to be updated in the system. If you identify any discrepancies with the amount you paid in a specific year, you can provide an old W-2 form to have the figures corrected."}
{"2843": "\n\nTo address this issue, you'll need to contact Interactive Brokers directly. They may have a web chat option available for your convenience. Keep in mind that these intricacies are unique to each broker. While margin rules have certain standardization, interest charges and margin until settlement may differ. I can certainly give you the details from my call with them if it helps."}
{"2844": "\n\nI believe there's a math error. The expense for the child is not $300 per month, but instead $1400 per month. However, $1100 of this is made up of salable hours, which someone is willing to pay for, making it possible to calculate. If you and your spouse are splitting expenses \"fifty-fifty\", then you should contribute $1100 to match your spouse's contribution. It would make sense to put your part towards mutual expenses or save it for future expenses such as extra clothes, replacements for damaged items, or educational opportunities. If your family is a priority, consider investing half of your income towards it, matching your spouse's time investment in building the family. Any extra funds can be used for mutual expenses, future costs, or as savings for major expenses or security. \n\nYou could cover half your spouse's contribution, which would balance out monthly expenses and put her back in the green regarding her own expenses. However, running a household is equivalent to a 60-hour workweek, with an additional 100 hours of being \"on call,\" making it difficult to calculate the absolute minimum payment to match her time investment.\n\nAdditionally, rethinking your criteria for sharing income or dividing costs \"fairly\" may be necessary. Your job may be more stressful now, but raising a child is even more demanding. Raising a child is likely to require more time, money and anxiety than your education, so it's essential to balance your contributions. Ultimately, fairness is up for you to decide, but it's worth carefully considering all aspects before making a decision."}
{"2845": "\n\nAs you mentioned earlier, upcoming generations of solar technology are predicted to be more affordable and efficient, and this trend is expected to continue. However, deciding when to invest in solar technology is largely a personal decision and not solely based on financial theory. As for Musk's statements on cost, it should be noted that he referred specifically to costs associated with traditional slate roofing and not traditional asphalt shingle roofing. While it's unclear if Musk made a direct comparison to asphalt shingles, no math has been presented thus far to support such a comparison. It's important to note that product demonstrations and marketing materials have generally compared solar tiles to higher-end tile roofing options, which are already more expensive than asphalt shingles. Ultimately, the decision to invest now or later depends on several factors such as the current condition of your roof, the cost of your electricity bill, and whether or not you can sell unused energy back to your power company. There's no one-size-fits-all answer, and waiting too long for the next generation in hopes it will be cheaper and more efficient may result in missing out on the benefits altogether."}
{"2846": "\n\nSplit transactions are essential for anyone who wants to accurately track their spending. For instance, if I visit a big-box pharmacy to pick up a prescription and also purchase a loaf of bread and a jug of milk, I can record the transaction more precisely by splitting it into multiple categories in my financial software. While estimated category totals may suffice for budgeting or comparisons to prior periods, some expenses require accurate tracking, especially for income tax deductions or credits. \n\nFor instance, internet access and cable TV services are usually billed together, but only the former is tax-deductible for work-at-home web developers. Without split transaction capability, one may need to ignore the category difference, which introduces errors in the tracked data. Alternatively, one can split the transaction manually, which is more tedious as it requires entering multiple top-level transactions and reconciling them with the credit card statement. Therefore, split transaction capability should be a top priority in any finance management software."}
{"2847": "\n\nMy question is whether my credit score will be affected if my credit line is closed. The answer is that it will have some impact, but not as much as missing payments on outstanding debt or other bills. Unfortunately, there is not much you can do about it at this point, as reopening or opening a new account would likely require a credit check, which would further negatively affect your credit score. The best course of action is to focus on paying all your bills on time, which is the most significant factor in improving your credit score. \n\nReaching out to creditors or credit score companies may not be productive in this situation. The closing of your account may be seen as a neutral event, which will still have some negative impact but not as severe as bankruptcy or collections. To recover, keep your credit utilization under 30% and pay all bills and debt payments on time. \n\nFinding new employment should be your top priority, as this will enable you to make timely payments. Opening new credit accounts at this point may prove difficult, if not impossible, so you may need to take on part-time gigs such as grocery store or delivery jobs to make ends meet. Once you are back on your feet, catch up on bills and build an emergency fund, which will help you weather future financial hardships.\n\nAs someone who has made bad financial choices in the past, I know how challenging it can be to rebuild credit and savings. I have found success by focusing on financial health rather than credit score, gradually paying off debt, and making payments on time. It's crucial to get payments under control and then build from there. So, for now, focus on finding employment and getting back on track financially."}
{"2848": "\n\nIf you purchase products or services in advance and provide them to your clients, you may wonder if the cost should be deducted from your declared income or included as an allowable expense. Your final income is determined by subtracting your expenses from your earnings. It is important to note that products and services purchased on behalf of clients are considered business expenses and not allowable expenses. These expenses will be deducted from your earnings.\n\nThere may be other business expenses that you need to deduct from your earnings in order to arrive at your income or profit. If you include VAT on your invoices, make sure to charge your clients accordingly. Additionally, any charges you require clients to pay, such as credit card fees, should be reflected on your invoices.\n\nThere is no need to inform clients about your business expenses unless it is required by law. If you are unsure about any accounting issues, it is recommended to consult the gov.uk website or hire an accountant as errors in accounting could be costly for your business."}
{"2849": "\n\nAs an F-1 visa holder, you were classified as a nonresident alien student and thus, are considered to have engaged in a trade or business in the United States. To meet your tax obligations, you must complete and file Form 1040NR. The IRS has provided detailed instructions on this matter here - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Taxation-of-Nonresident-Aliens."}
{"2850": "\n\nI highly recommend reading \"The Warren Buffett Way.\" It's a quick read and available as an audiobook from most libraries. It can address the misconceptions evident in your post. Short-term price fluctuations in the market do not necessarily reflect a company's future value, as short-term trends are often based on popularity rather than long-term performance. Instead, the crucial metric to consider is a company's free cash flow and related measurements. Focusing excessively on short-term price movements involves more speculation than strategic investment. Setting expectations for a tenfold increase within two to three years is unrealistic, as such growth is unusual. Most investors would be content with double the value in that timeframe. If I were in your position, I would purchase the stock and monitor the company's performance. Adding to the position as the stock price and management meet my expectations would be a wise course, as would diversifying with index funds. Assuming everything goes perfectly, the stock's expected value in two to three years would result in a marginal gain of $1,000. However, working a humble job and depositing 10% of your earnings into a savings account would provide a better rate of return ($6-9,000). Starting out in investment means earning and saving/investing, as early compound interest provides little initial return. The key is to build funds and let them compound over time."}
{"2851": "Let's imagine that the author of the article is genuinely interested in helping you succeed in life, rather than selling you something. While there is nothing inherently wrong with sales, this author's advice seems to be heavily based on questionable claims and a sense of urgency in order to sell their products. While this approach can be effective, it's important to recognize that for most people, working for a company is more financially stable and profitable than starting their own business. This is a reality that many people fail to acknowledge. If you invest in yourself and your career with the same drive and discipline as an entrepreneur, you may find that working for a company is actually more financially beneficial in the long run, due to the benefits and perks that come along with employment (such as having your employer pay 7.5% of your social security contributions). \n\nIt's worth noting that the author of the article fails to mention that taking their advice could lead to diminishing returns and even financial ruin for some. Many of my entrepreneur friends have had to return to work when their businesses didn't pan out, and unfortunately, many people don't start saving for retirement until it's too late. While 401ks aren't a perfect system, there are more 401k millionaires than ever before, and these accounts are an important tool for tax-advantaged savings. \n\nIn regards to the author's claim that inflation will eat away at your savings, it's important to note that inflation has been at less than 2% in recent years, and the market has seen numerous periods of recovery after the 2009 crash. While the author may try to convince you that their product is the only way to succeed, it's worth remembering that there have been many worse decades for investors than the past one. Ultimately, it's important to approach financial advice with a critical eye, and to recognize that what works for some may not work for everyone."}
{"2852": "\n\nChris pointed out that if your income covers your expenses exactly, as assumed, then you essentially start with a $40,000 asset, your starting equity, and end with a $200,000 asset, a paid-off home, assuming no appreciation. To calculate the return on the $40,000 leveraged at 5x, you can compute the Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) required to turn $40,000 into $200,000 over 30 years. This nominal return does not account for inflation, but it provides a basis for comparison. The problem can be set up as follows: \n\n$40,000 * (1 + Return)^30 = $200,000 \n\nSolving for Return gives a result of approximately 5.51%."}
{"2853": "\n\nThere is no definitive answer regarding the premium you pay for car insurance, as it depends on various factors, such as your driving history, type of car, age, gender, location, and coverage options. These factors help determine the probability of getting into an accident and the expected damage from it. Making a claim after an accident usually leads to a premium increase, but the long-term cost-effectiveness depends on the actual impact on your premium, which requires careful consideration of all relevant data. Consulting with your agent can provide some insights; however, even asking questions might result in a notation on your record and a possible inflammation of your premium, albeit not by as much. Nonetheless, having insurance intends to reduce the financial burden of unexpected events, so one should evaluate the probability of another accident, weigh the cost of making a claim against repairing out-of-pocket, and decide accordingly. Is it worth risking a higher premium, roughly estimated at $700 over 3-4 years, for filing a claim? Or is it better to pay for repairs themselves and maintain lower premiums?"}
{"2854": "\n\nRevised: With regards to the 2011 Summer Crisis, it is important to note that the United States can continue to borrow at its current rate without any issue based on its Debt to GDP ratio. Currently, this ratio is at around 100%, or 1:1, with the GDP sitting at approximately $14 trillion and the debt at the same amount. It is worth mentioning that other countries have a higher debt to GDP ratio, such as Japan with a ratio of 220%. In terms of a selloff in stocks, dollars, and bonds, it is essential to understand that selling pressure on the dollar will cause an increase in the price of everything, including commodities and stocks. Although both the dollar and stock markets have circuit breakers to curb rapid selloffs, the stock market can often sell off faster. The effectiveness of these circuit breakers remains to be seen."}
{"2855": "\n\nThe tax status of an investment is determined by the type of account it is held in, such as a tax-advantaged or ordinary taxable account. On the other hand, whether or not you can invest in individual stocks depends on the provider or bank where you hold the account. These factors are independent of each other. To invest in individual stocks, you need to find a provider that offers an IRA, 401k, or other tax-advantaged account and allows you to invest in individual stocks. For instance, Fidelity is a provider that permits this type of investment. It is advisable to research various providers to find the one that best meets your requirements."}
{"2856": "\n\nIf you choose to itemize your deductions, you can deduct the interest paid on your primary residence and real estate taxes on Schedule A. However, car payments are not tax deductible. It's important to exercise caution when claiming business deductions for your home or car since the IRS has strict regulations, and personal use can disqualify the deduction. When it comes to deducting car expenses, using the mileage reimbursement rates is often necessary. If you exclusively use your car for work, leasing may be a better option as you can expense the lease payment. With a car, you need to follow the depreciation schedule. Seeking professional tax advice is recommended when claiming business expenses for your home or car to avoid any issues with the IRS."}
{"2857": "The answer is to simply close your eyes and ignore it. I completely understand the level of detail that some people track in their personal finances, and it may seem excessive. However, when using an accounting application, it's important to understand the meaning behind certain features. For example, the reconciliation marker in your bank and credit card accounts represents that you've received documentation from the institution and verified it against your records. Checking off these transactions confirms that you've reviewed the information and checked for errors.\n\nWhile these markers exist on all transactions, they may make less sense when reviewing expenses since you don't receive documentation for those. However, if you keep a separate log of certain expenses, such as gasoline or mileage, it may be useful to reconcile your records once a month. This involves checking off individual transactions and verifying a new balance in terms of gas consumed or miles driven to identify any inconsistencies in your records.\n\nIt's worth noting that not everyone may find such an activity useful, which is why reconciliation markers are present everywhere but not required."}
{"2858": "\n\nAs an AI language model, I cannot determine the writer's intended audience or tone, but here's a suggested revision:\n\nIf you don't have extensive financial resources, indulging in short-term trading or speculation can be a losing game. Instead, consider conducting research on investment strategies that fit your financial capacity."}
{"2859": "\n\nNo, although it is not very likely, if your brokers become aware of this activity, you will be classified as a pattern day trader. The guidelines do not establish a limit per broker. Furthermore, it resembles a credit history. Brokers have a general responsibility to inform other brokers if a customer is a pattern day trader when they transfer accounts."}
{"2860": "\n\nThe payment is transferred to the seller. Although there may be various intricate processes involved in some transactions, which is evident from the numerous comments on @keshlam's comprehensive response, the end result is that the seller receives the money. Occasionally, the seller refers to a company. Generally, the billions of shares traded daily involve transfers between individuals, such as you, and investment funds, and do not have any direct impact on the company's finances."}
{"2861": "\n\nWhen calculating the NPV, it is important to discount all cash flows to their present value, not just the first one. To do so, you need to identify an appropriate discount rate that reflects the opportunity cost of the initial cash outlay. This rate should represent the expected rate of return if the money were invested elsewhere. You can use a risk-free rate or the average rate of return of comparable investments to determine your discount rate. Alternatively, you can use your cost of capital if you are raising funds for the project or paying off existing debt.\n\nOnce you have identified the relevant discount rate, divide each cash flow by e^rt, where r is the annualized discount rate (e.g., 0.10 for 10%) and t is the decimal number of years between now and the cash flow (e.g., 1.5 for 18 months). By discounting each cash flow to its present value, you can accurately determine the net present value of your project."}
{"2862": "\n\nThis is a what-if type of question: what if interest rates remain low or only increase slightly, even without quantitative easing? It's worth examining how other countries have responded to lackluster economies. As an experienced advisor with 25 years under my belt, I know that the future is uncertain, and having a diversified portfolio is essential. Consider different options, acknowledging that not all choices will yield excellent results, but some will be successful."}
{"2863": "\n\nTo calculate these values, you will need information from the company's financial statements, including income, balance, or cashflow, as well as the price. Unfortunately, Google finance does not provide this information for BME. Therefore, you must find an alternative source for this information or analyze the financial section of another symbol, such as BAC."}
{"2864": "\n\nRevised:\n\nInvestors looking to use a \"covered put\" strategy - selling short and buying at the strike price if the option is exercised - may find it challenging to do so in their retirement account as shorts are often not allowed. If an investor argues that they are hedged by being short, brokers may still prohibit the strategy. Another type of \"covered put\" involving posting cash to buy at the strike price is also complex to administer as it is unclear how to account for the cash. Thus, some brokers may forbid this strategy as well. It is worth noting that other factors, such as tradition and the difficulty of administering complex strategies in retirement accounts, may also play a role in a broker's decision. While prohibited by some brokers, other firms may offer these strategies, and investors can shop around on this issue."}
{"2865": "\n\nThis information should be included in the documentation for your stock grant or the employee stock program to which your grant belongs. Once you locate these documents, you will find specific instructions on how and when you can sell your shares and how you will receive payment. Generally, vested shares remain yours until you take action, while unvested shares will expire if you leave the company. It is important to note that if you have options, they must be exercised before they can become shares, and there is usually a limited time frame in which to do so. In the United States, this period is typically ten years. Regarding your Merrill Lynch account, it may show unvested shares as expired or not existent, but there is no action required on your part."}
{"2866": "\n\nThe expansion of the money supply, also known as debt, by central banks causes inflation. Fiat currencies are particularly susceptible to inflation as there is no limit to the amount of debt that can be created. The damaging impacts of uncontrolled money supply expansion can be observed throughout history, such as in the case of Zimbabwe, Brazil, Argentina and numerous other countries."}
{"2867": "\n\nStarting your new job may be necessary to have more options, but buying a car for only $2,000 can be risky. Therefore, it is recommended to obtain information regarding loan options from a bank or credit union. If you have a job offer letter, it may be helpful in securing a loan. Beware of dealerships that offer financing for extremely inexpensive used vehicles with high-interest rates, as this could result in debt without a car. Another option is having a co-signer, like a parent or relative, which could simplify the process of obtaining a car loan."}
{"2868": "\n\nAfter conducting extensive research on the EU VAT directives and consulting with HMRC, it appears that there is no minimum threshold for charging VAT on goods or services sold into the EU. Even if you sell something for as little as \u00a310, you must charge VAT and file a VAT return. You do have two options: \n\n1) Register for MOSS and file a single VAT return in your home country for all EU countries. However, if you are in the UK, you must also be VAT registered and charge VAT locally, regardless of whether you meet the UK threshold.\n\n2) Register and file a VAT return in each EU country you sell into. Additionally, you must apply the correct VAT rate for each country, which can range from 15% to 27%. Keeping at least two customer location proofs, such as a billing address or IP address, is also required."}
{"2869": "\n\nThe regulations on gift cards/certificates vary depending on the province in Canada. Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta, and Nova Scotia have implemented legislation to prohibit them from expiring, but cards issued before the legislation came into effect are still subject to the old rules. Although there are common themes among the regulations, there are also exceptions, such as mall gift cards in Ontario and Manitoba. Ontario was the first province in Canada to regulate gift cards. Mall cards like the Eaton Centre gift card will be covered by the expiry date ban and the new disclosure rules. However, their current fee structure can remain unchanged temporarily as the provincial government explores how to regulate such cards in the best interest of both consumers and businesses. For specific information, refer to the appropriate link."}
{"2870": "\n\nThe objective is to ensure that you are positively identified with a government-issued ID. Presenting your passport, visa, and another form of recognized government identification, such as an international driver's license, a US or EU driver's license, will make the process quick and easy. Foreigners are usually required to provide at least two distinct forms of identification, including the passport and something else, but not the stamped visa that solely indicates your status for W9/W8 requirements. The bank may ask for your TIN before disbursing any payments to you. If you cannot provide credible identification, leaving the bank without opening an account will be swift and seamless. However, if they are unable to establish your identity, their services will not be provided."}
{"2871": "\n\nThe bid/ask spread generally provides an idea, but many factors can affect the price of a security. Two ways to buy or sell a security are with a limit order or a market order. A limit order guarantees a purchase at the set price, while a market order can result in paying a higher average price due to fluctuating prices, especially if the security is volatile or a penny stock. The order book provides information on the demand for the security but is not a guarantee of its availability at a certain price. Trading large volumes of securities requires professional financial advisors or teams to minimize the impact on the market price. It is advisable to avoid trading penny stocks unless one is knowledgeable about the market."}
{"2872": "\n\nHow can I determine the 'extra' expenses when purchasing a vehicle? To obtain a better idea of the costs, if you know the specific model you are considering purchasing, you may utilize Edmund's True Cost To Own calculator. This calculator will provide an estimated figure for the depreciation, taxes and fees, financing costs, fuel expenses, insurance premiums, maintenance and repairs, as well as any tax credits applicable to owning the vehicle for different lengths of time. You can enhance the accuracy of these estimates by using your own calculations, such as by acquiring an insurance quote in advance. Consumer Reports has compiled a useful chart that itemizes the additional expenditures and the corresponding percentages of the overall cost. They also provide a list of the most and least economical vehicles to own."}
{"2873": "\n\nRepurchase agreements are a way to fund a security position in which you provide your security as collateral in exchange for cash. For instance, suppose you own a 10-year Treasury note yielding 3.5%, while the one-week repurchase rate is 0.5%. You loan the security to someone, agreeing to buy it back from them in the future. You receive the 3.5% coupon while paying the 0.5% interest. However, it makes no sense for one party to receive both interest and coupon payments, or the other party to pay interest while not receiving any coupon payments. To overcome this problem, any coupon payments earned during the transaction belong to the legal owner or borrower. Nevertheless, the original owner is paid a cash amount that equals the coupon, referred to as the \"manufactured payment.\" Some institutions may repo the security to a tax-exempt entity to avoid taxes on coupon payments, a practice called \"coupon washing.\" Throughout the transaction's life, the seller remains responsible for the collateral's market risk and credit risk. If the security has a coupon payment during the life of the repo, the buyer must pay the seller according to the trade's documented terms."}
{"2874": "\n\n\nI have an affinity for both precious metals and real estate. However, given your stated timeframe and the impact of QE on precious metals, it may not be wise to invest in physical silver for the short term. Instead, consider exploring an ETF that shorts silver if you anticipate a decrease in its value as QE is reduced.\n\nAs for real estate, there are several ways to generate a profit within your timeframe. One option is to purchase a rental property for around $120,000 and take out a 20% mortgage. In 3-7 years, you can refinance and pull out the equity. If you don't require cash for your dream home purchase, consider finding a rental property that pays for itself and yields additional income, then arrange an 80% mortgage. Alternatively, let your money earn even more money by approaching your local mortgage broker about third-party or private lending. If you feel comfortable with this option, you can choose to participate in different deals presented to you. Keep in mind that as a second-position mortgage, there's a risk of not getting your principal back if the borrower goes bankrupt. However, this type of lending can offer short loan amortizations of 6 months to 5 years and higher rates than regular bank mortgages."}
{"2875": "\n\nI believe that some derivative markets may operate similarly to futures trading. In a futures contract, two parties agree to buy or sell an underlying security, and leverage is created because the margin posted is typically not enough to cover the collateral in the underlying contract. The buyer is essentially borrowing money, while the seller is lending money. These contracts usually have a short-term duration, and a lender of funds who is perfectly hedged should expect to receive a return similar to the fed funds rate in the US, which is currently negligible."}
{"2876": "\n\nIs there a cost associated with refinancing? There are several deals available, and I was able to refinance in June for a reasonable fee of $500. However, it can sometimes cost a couple of thousand dollars. In such cases, you have to consider the upfront costs and the cost of the personal loan. It may take some time to break even after refinancing, so you must decide whether you plan to sell your property before that point or not. If you break even next year, then refinancing would be a no-brainer. As others have mentioned, it's important to do your calculations."}
{"2877": "\n\nAn IPO'd stock is defined as publicly traded, and individuals can purchase shares if interested. Typically, there is an initial excitement on the first day that may not maintain momentum in subsequent days or weeks. The opening price may surpass the IPO price due to demand."}
{"2878": "\n\nRevised: I am unsure if 1099-MISC is the appropriate form for your situation. In the context of LLCs, equity represents membership, and as a member, you will receive distributions and a K-1 form for tax purposes, rather than a 1099 or W2. If the CEO intends to provide you with a 1099, it implies that you will be hired as a contractor, which contradicts the idea of equity allocation. This is an entirely different situation. \n\nRegarding your specific questions: \n\n1. The use of the 1099-MISC form would depend on the type of payment being made. Depending on which box is checked, the payment may be considered employment income (subject to SE taxes) or passive income (such as royalties or rent, which are subject to various limitations in the tax code).\n\n2. If receiving a percentage of real estate sales is the only feasible method of compensation, it would likely be considered a commission and taxed as employment income. I strongly recommend consulting with a tax professional to determine the best course of action, taking into account the specific details, figures, and deals involved. It is crucial to weigh the benefits and drawbacks of being classified as a contractor versus an LLC member or employee, as each has its advantages and disadvantages. \n\n3. There are definite advantages and disadvantages to acquiring and selling properties through a company versus receiving a percentage of sales. For example, if you are using a corporation, you can receive a salary, whereas contractors cannot. Many other issues are hidden within this distinction, as discussed with KeithS in the argument."}
{"2879": "\n\nDrawing a diagram is the key to solving most questions of this type. A diagram provides a visual representation of the timing of payments received and paid out. Once all payments are brought to the same date and equated to each other using the desired rate of return, the equation can be solved. For example, using the start of the bond's life as the reference point, the pay-out is X and the received payments include 15 annual payments of $70, with the first payment due in one year. The present value of an ordinary annuity formula can be used to bring this to the reference date. Additionally, a single payment of $1000 will be received 15 years in the future, which can be brought to the reference date using the simple interest formula. To solve for X, equate the pay-out to the present value of the received payments. It is unclear whether \"current rate\" and \"rate to maturity\" differ. Finding the interest rate for a series of payments follows a similar process, but solving for the interest rate would be challenging."}
{"2880": "\n\nIf you have previously paid interest on your credit card, and your monthly statement is issued on April 12th, you can pay the balance off in full on April 30th, thanks to your recent tax refund. As long as you don't make any new charges after April 12th, your credit card balance will be zero on April 30th. However, you will still owe interest on any charges made between April 13th and April 30th, which will be added to your May 12th bill. If you continue to not make any new purchases on your card and pay off your May 12th bill on time, your next bill on June 12th will finally be zero. \n\nIf you do make new charges on your credit card after April 12th, interest will only be charged on the new charges until April 30th when your balance stops revolving. However, you will still owe interest on any charges made between April 13th and April 30th, which will be added to your May 12th bill. Any purchases made after April 30th will not be charged interest unless you fail to pay your May 12th bill in full by the due date in early June."}
{"2881": "\n\nMy son, who is now 21, has never required my cosigning on a loan, nor did he need to establish any credit rating to establish his own credit. One recommendation I have is to switch from a bank to a credit union. I have been using one for years, and as soon as my son got his first job, I opened an account for him there. Although his debit card doesn't build credit scores, it helps his account work with the credit union. What's more, he was able to get his first credit card through the credit union without the bureaucratic hassle of dealing with a large bank, despite his lack of credit score initially causing a somewhat higher interest rate. However, the rate wasn't a big issue since we taught him about finance, so he doesn't carry a balance. Moreover, he secured a student loan and didn't require a cosigner, enabling him to pursue higher education. The notion that one must establish a credit rating before adulthood is a myth. Much like my son, I established my credit on my own and never needed a cosigner to obtain my first credit card at 17, my first car at 18, or my first home at 22. Knowledge about using credit responsibly was always more crucial than having an early credit score. Before your children turn 18, opening credit accounts with them as the primary account holder could be problematic, as they are not liable for the debt legally. Using them as a cosigner is also problematic for the same reason. Since each financial institution has its own rules, and am not fully aware of them all, I would suggest a small line of credit with a credit union for your proposal. Since they are small and locally controlled, you will probably have better success there."}
{"2882": "\n\nWhy are there so many stock exchanges in the world? While the simple answer is that facilitating the trading of securities generates significant profits, there are other factors contributing to the proliferation of exchanges that relate to advancements in technology. In recent years, trading volumes have ballooned, with the number of shares traded on US exchanges surging from 6.5 billion in 1997 to 40.8 billion in 2015. This increase can be attributed largely to new technologies supporting high-volume, high-frequency trading methods. The surge in activity has led to an increase in the number of stock exchanges, though consolidation of ownership among legacy exchanges (such as the NYSE and Euronext) has also occurred. On the other hand, the creation of virtual exchanges (known as Alternative Trading Systems in North America and Multilateral Trading Facilities in Europe) has significantly eroded volumes on legacy exchanges, with total shares traded on such traditional exchanges peaking in 2008 and declining since then. According to SEC data, in 2012, Alternative Trading Systems accounted for 11.3% of total trading volume, and that proportion has no doubt grown since then. The loss of business to these virtual exchanges has prompted consolidation of legacy exchanges, but these new exchanges must also adhere to the same regulatory requirements as traditional exchanges."}
{"2883": "\n\nAssuming that you do not possess any confidential information, it should be entirely lawful. However, based on Joe's explanation, I do not recommend pursuing this course of action. Nevertheless, it should not be a violation of any laws."}
{"2884": "\n\nUnfortunately, Google Finance currently does not offer historical data for returns or dividends, but only displays share prices. Additionally, real-time data for attributes like return52 is only available for mutual funds and not for historical analysis. Similarly, Yahoo Finance also lacks market return data that includes dividends. For instance, the S&P 500 index does not factor in dividends, but the S&P ^SPXTR index does consider them. Unfortunately, the S&P ^SPXTR index is not accessible through Yahoo Finance."}
{"2885": "\n\nIt seems that all that is required is to fill out a form, but it would be preferable for her to submit it herself, rather than having you do it for her. Both individuals and businesses have the right to access and review the information stored about them in the Central Credit Information System (KHR)."}
{"2886": "\n\nThere is no need to worry. TFS is only concerned that the loan is being paid as agreed, and they do not discriminate against who makes the payment. While you may be helping your father's credit history, it is unlikely that TFS would refund money just because it came from your account. In the event that a company claims a payment was not made, you have the evidence of your bank statements to prove otherwise. While mistakes can occur, and funds may sometimes be credited to the wrong account, as long as you have proof of payment, you will win any legal dispute. However, if you are dealing with a loan shark, they may use violence as a way to collect payment. Nevertheless, they still will not falsely accuse you of not paying because that would ruin their reputation. Ultimately, as long as payments are made as agreed, TFS is not concerned with who makes the payment or how it is made."}
{"2887": "\n\nIf the corporation requires the funds for its day-to-day operations, refrain from transferring them. Otherwise, you may proceed. It is essential to note that this determination is not based on the corporation's profitability in a particular year."}
{"2888": "\n\nRevised: Housing prices are closely tied to the job market of a given area. In regions with limited employment opportunities, a down payment of 40k might be sufficient to purchase a house outright. If your employment is flexible, it may make sense to consider relocating to areas with affordable housing, even if only for rental purposes."}
{"2889": "\n\nAs you mentioned, your LLC is a pass-through entity, which means that you will be generating income in the United States when you sell to U.S. customers. Therefore, you will need to file the appropriate personal tax forms in the U.S. as well as in potentially one or more states. It is important to note that the U.S. government does not register LLCs; rather, registration occurs at the state level, such as in Oregon, Wisconsin, or Wyoming. Additionally, you will need to have a registered agent in the state, which is significant because the main purpose of forming an LLC is to add a liability shield. Failure to maintain business formalities can compromise this protection.\n\nGenerally, nations aim to tax income made within their borders, and many decline to tax income that has already been taxed in another nation. However, there is a key exception: if money is taxed by the U.S., it may also be taxed by a state. It is important to note that registering an LLC in one state does not necessarily mean that you will need to pay state taxes in that state. Generally, states will tax income made within their borders. For instance, it is common to have a Wyoming LLC that never pays any taxes in Wyoming. \n\nIf you plan to do business in a state where you did not form the LLC, you must register as a \"foreign LLC,\" even though you are still in the United States. The fee is usually equivalent to the cost of registering a domestic LLC. This registration requirement applies when you have a presence in the state, rather than simply engaging in incidental sales. The legalities involved can become quite complex quickly.\n\nIf you are considering working within an app ecosystem, such as the Apple Store, Google Play, or Steam, it is essential to note that these platforms make it a priority to simplify legal matters for developers. Therefore, it is recommended that you research what these platforms do for you."}
{"2890": "\n\nRevised: Transferring a debt to another person typically requires the consent of both parties involved- the debtor and the lender. As the borrower, you have the responsibility to either repay the loan or surrender the asset (car) linked to it. Although being a cosigner without ownership of the vehicle would have been a worse situation, you still need to take action to avoid damaging your credit. To protect your credit score, it's advisable to continue making the payments or start paying if you haven't yet. Note that each installment contributes to your equity, while only a portion goes to interest. If I were in your position, I would take the following steps:"}
{"2891": "\n\nSince learning about the \"flash crash\" incident, I exclusively use limit orders to minimize potential losses. Even in an unlikely scenario where a system glitch occurs, such as a large trader adding an extra zero to their volume, market orders can lead to unfavorable prices. To execute a trade at the market price, I set my limit order 1% above or below, depending on whether I want to buy or sell. Note that the actual execution price may not match the limit price specified. When buying, if my limit price is higher than the lowest offer, I will still be filled at the lowest offer. If all offers up to my limit price have been filled before my order is submitted, I will receive my limit price. Conversely, if a buyer accidentally fills orders up to double my limit price, my trade will not go through. I have used this approach for numerous purchases and have never been filled at my limit price."}
{"2892": "\n\nMint.com handles all those tasks except for tracking cash transactions."}
{"2893": "\n\nI am considering trading in my car, but I need advice on how to get the best deal. Gathering information is crucial to ensure the best possible outcome. Therefore, it is recommended to seek a second opinion on the repairs, as a misfire may have a variety of causes, ranging from inexpensive (bad spark plugs or cables) to mid-range (timing issue) to costly (engine rebuild due to mechanical problems causing improper cylinder compression). Furthermore, car diagnostics are not always precise, so it is beneficial to consult with another mechanic. Seeking additional opinions does not reflect a lack of trust in the initial service provider, but rather an awareness that humans and car repair diagnostics are fallible. Once you obtain quotes from several mechanics for the repair work, you can effectively negotiate. The subsequent step is to understand the cost of replacing the vehicle by obtaining trade-in quotes from dealers and disclosing engine concerns. Subtracting this amount from $8,000 reveals how much you owe on the car. You can then tack this onto the purchase price of your new vehicle to determine how much of a loan you require. Think about how to manage your risk post-purchase. Does your new car require additional collateral or gap insurance? What happens in the event of an accident? Consider factors like the automobile's reliability and maintenance history before making a decision. If you opt to maintain the car, attempt to obtain a favourable price by checking out other repair shops. However, if you choose to purchase a new vehicle and dispose of the HHR, both the sale and trade-in prices are negotiable. Diligent research and bargaining can help you get the best deal on a long-lasting vehicle at a fair price."}
{"2894": "\n\nWhy can't two companies exchange goods directly without paying VAT? While this would eliminate the famous carousel fraud scam and avoid complicated refunds, it is not feasible. In the United States, sales tax only applies to end customers, not businesses that collect sales tax. However, this creates opportunities for criminal businesses to charge tax and keep the proceeds without reporting it or evading income tax. Additionally, cross-jurisdiction taxes such as internet sales often go untaxed. \n\nThe purpose of a Value Added Tax (VAT) is to charge at each level, allowing each buyer to report the tax paid to the seller to deduct it. The seller must pay the charged VAT, or the tax authorities will revoke their VAT license. Under a system where only the end user is taxed, fraud is easier compared to VAT. The fraudulent business can collect tax from the end user and disappear, or not record those transactions - resulting in straight up tax fraud. The complexity of carousel fraud arises because evading VAT is difficult."}
{"2895": "\n\nIt requires significantly less effort to invest in various international bond index funds, such as VTIBX, for example."}
{"2896": "To start, it is important to note that the risk-free rate of return is independent of the stock market and is not affected by any external factors. It is a type of asset that is designed to provide a consistent rate of return regardless of any unforeseen circumstances. A risk-free asset ensures that the payout will happen as planned, even in unlikely scenarios like a natural disaster.\n\nThe 90-day t-bill is often used as an example of a risk-free rate of return. However, it is essential to understand that a beta greater than one does not mean that an asset moves more perfectly. Instead, it indicates that the asset is more volatile than the market as a whole. When it comes to cryptocurrencies, the CAPM model may not be the best method for analyzing their value. This is because the value of cryptocurrencies may fluctuate due to factors other than market price movements.\n\nIt is important to note that the CAPM model has limitations and can be unreliable when used in empirical research. If you want to learn more about investing, it is recommended to read \"The Intelligent Investor\" by Benjamin Graham, which has stood the test of time and is still widely read today. Starting with a basic book on accounting and economics is also recommended, followed by William Bolstad's \"Introduction to Bayesian Statistics\" for a more comprehensive understanding.\n\nIf you are interested in cryptocurrencies, it is important to learn the basics of money and understand the different types, including commodity money and prison money. Yap money is also a good place to start. As a final note, investing in cryptocurrencies can be risky, and it is recommended to have a solid understanding of investing principles before jumping in."}
{"2897": "\n\nPlease provide precise dates. In the United States, individuals have up to three years from the original tax return due date to file an amended tax return. For instance, if the restaurant went out of business in 2012, it is advisable to claim the loss for that year. If you need to amend the tax return you filed in 2013 for the year 2012, then you should be able to file it by 2016. However, the exact deadline will depend on when you filed your 2012 taxes. For more information, please refer to this resource: https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/Ten-Facts-about-Amended-Tax-Returns."}
{"2898": "\n\nSignificant changes in exchange rates are important due to their impact on cross-border trade. For instance, the favorable exchange rates have made my region increasingly popular among Canadian tourists. Alterations in exchange rates can also influence trade balance between trading partners. The US\u2019s former \"strong dollar\" policy resulted in expensive US exports and cheaper imports, leading to an increase in imports."}
{"2899": "\n\nIn general, spreadsheets are capable of meeting all your requirements. To get started, you can try some of the online training courses available."}
{"2900": "\n\nI recommend taking the first step of seeking out an accountant whom you trust and value their advice. An accountant is much more knowledgeable about complicated and high-stakes corporate arrangements than the internet. To start, I suggest going back to your accountant and requesting a written explanation of their specific advice. If you are still uncertain or dissatisfied with their advice, consider seeking a second opinion. Additionally, consulting with a lawyer may also be beneficial."}
{"2901": "\n\nPMI stands for \"Private Mortgage Insurance,\" which is insurance that protects your lender if you default on your loan. It is not for your benefit in case you cannot pay. Your credit would still be affected if you defaulted. Usually, your lender holds the policy, and you pay for it. This is simply a way for the bank to mitigate the risk of large loans. Some people want to drop it as soon as possible because it provides no benefit to them. If someone tries to sell you a different type of insurance called Mortgage Life Insurance, this is not the same as PMI. Your estate will go into probate to work out your debts if you die, and PMI typically doesn't pay out in that situation. If you want to protect your heirs from losing your home because they can't make the payments, you are better off with Term Life Insurance. Your heirs won't inherit your debt on the house unless they are on the loan. If they don't want the house, they won't be obliged to make payments on it even if they inherit the property, which won't affect their credit if they just walk away and let the bank have the house after you die. If you're interested in reading more about choosing PMI, check out this two-part article: \"Give Buyers Freedom to Choose Mortgage Insurance\" Part 1 Part 2."}
{"2902": "\n\nIn the past, savings accounts typically had higher interest rates compared to checking accounts, which often had no interest. Therefore, people would aim to optimize their cash usage by depositing most of their funds into a savings account and only transferring the required amount to cover bills and other expenses into a checking account."}
{"2903": "\n\nI'm not entirely sure why you think the distribution method from LLC X matters in this situation. It could be construed as irrelevant to the question and may only serve to confuse your readers. Here are the facts: LLC X, with members I and S, receives income from State #2 while both members reside in State #1 and pay taxes to the same. Unfortunately, State #2 audited member I and now requires back taxes plus penalties. The question is whether member S, doing the same thing as member I, ought to be concerned. My answer is yes."}
{"2904": "\n\nAs both of you are members of the LLC and it is not a single-member LLC, you are required to file the tax return on behalf of the LLC. Assuming that you did not elect corporate treatment, you would need to file form 1065, which is the default option. You must file form 4868 individually and form 7004 on behalf of the LLC as a partnership. Since the LLC is disregarded, taxes will flow to your individual returns, but the LLC must file an informational return on form 1065 and issue K-1 forms to each member. It is essential to understand and fill the forms correctly; you should seek help from a professional EA or CPA licensed in your state. Additionally, consider sending a payment of at least $1 with the extension form, even if you expect a refund."}
{"2905": "\n\nWhile I am not completely certain, it appears that you cannot fully maximize both a SIMPLE IRA and a 401k. Theoretically, you could contribute the maximum amount allowed for a SIMPLE IRA ($11,500) and an additional $4,000 to your 401k, but the total amount cannot exceed the $16,500 401k limit. Alternatively, you could max out your 401k at $16,500 but not contribute to the SIMPLE IRA. Note that the contribution limit for the SIMPLE IRA is capped at $11,500 regardless of your other retirement plans, such as a Traditional or Roth IRA. Both the 401k and the SIMPLE IRA are considered employer-sponsored plans and cannot be maximized simultaneously, in the same way, you cannot max out two 401ks at separate employers. While the limits may seem confusing, it's wise to calculate which account-contribution scenario makes the most financial sense, including factoring in any employer matching. However, if you're a small business owner, particularly without employees, the employer match aspect may not apply. Finally, please note that the provided amounts are based on 2010 IRS limits and that I pieced this information together from various sources. For certainty, speak with an accountant."}
{"2906": "\n\nRevised: The expense ratio is stated as 0.14%. This refers to the percentage of your investment that will be deducted by the fund for management expenses, regardless of its performance. It is an indicator of how much the fund spends out of its assets to cover expenses. The amount of taxes you will owe depends on your personal situation and is not directly related to the fund. However, the fund's investment and rebalancing policies may affect taxable distributions. If you hold the fund in your IRA, no taxes will be levied. Some funds have non-taxable distributions, dividends, or capital gains, but this varies by fund and the estimates are approximate. The reasonable expense ratio varies depending on the investment policy. For passive index funds, 0.05-0.5% is a reasonable range, while for actively managed funds, it can go up to 2% or more. You should compare your fund to others with similar investment policies to gauge its standing."}
{"2907": "\n\nLet me attempt to clarify: The reason why parabolas are relevant to stock prices is because they are flat at the bottom. In the Black Scholes model, the variance of the log stock price is proportional to the time until expiration. This means that the standard deviation of the log stock price is proportional to the square root of time. For normally distributed random variables, we expect to be within one standard deviation about 68% of the time.  Therefore, we expect the log stock price to be within a certain range that depends on the square root of time. For example, if the stock's volatility is 16%, we can expect its price to be within a certain range over different time periods. This range shrinks as the expiration date approaches, following a sideways parabolic curve. As we get closer to zero, the slope of the curve becomes steeper and steeper. This can be expressed using the traders' rule of thumb that the value of an at-the-money option is approximately equal to S * 0.4 * vol * sqrt(T), where T is the time until expiration."}
{"2908": "\n\nIn India, where I currently reside, one can take advantage of housing loans which are given priority status. This means that the bank's capital requirements for housing loans are lower compared to other types of loans such as corporate loans or loans backed by other types of collateral. As a result, housing loans are cheaper in India, offered at around 10%, which is lower than the 15% rate applied to most other assets. Additionally, since housing loans can be deducted against tax, the effective interest rate is even lower. However, despite these benefits, housing in India is still unaffordable for many. For instance, in a suburb located 40 kilometers away from Delhi, a 2000 sq. foot apartment, which has approximately 1500 sq. ft. of carpet area and no appliances, costs around USD 250,000."}
{"2909": "\n\nMost states have cooling-off periods which allow buyers to rescind a purchase, as well as legal limits on how long a dealer has to secure financing. During the specific time frame provided, if the dealer informs you that financing is not secured, they will refund your down payment minus mileage fees, which are determined by the state's set cost per mile for the car's usage. If the notification is not given within the allowed window, the dealer may have to refund the entire down payment. However, if the bank refuses the loan, negotiation with the dealer may not bring the desired result, and it may be best to seek other financing options from personal banks or credit unions. A Colorado-based update reveals that in the state's laws, dealers are given ten days to inform buyers regarding the inability to obtain financing on the agreed-upon terms, including a mileage fee that can be found on page 8 under D. USAGE FEE AND MILEAGE CHARGE."}
{"2910": "\n\nWhile it may seem counterintuitive, credit is just as important for wealthy individuals as it is for the less affluent. Contrary to what some may believe, rich people often don't keep significant amounts of cash on hand. Instead, most of their assets are tied up in safe, long-term investments that are not easily liquidated. This is why credit is key for covering their day-to-day expenses. They pay off these expenses using dividends from their investments, which may only come in once every quarter. \n\nHowever, credit isn't just a convenient way to cover expenses. It can also be advantageous from a tax perspective. For example, if a wealthy individual needs a new car, leasing it for their business can provide an immediate write-off of the lease payments on taxes, unlike purchasing the car outright, which can accrue depreciation over several years and property tax liability in certain states. \n\nAnother way that wealthy individuals use credit is to safeguard their personal finances when taking on business ventures. For instance, instead of using all of their personal funds to buy a business costing one million dollars, they may use a much smaller amount of their own money and take out a loan from a bank for the remaining amount. This way, if the business fails, the bank is left to cover the debt, while the wealthy individual is only out the personal funds they put in. With careful debt management and sound financial planning, the risk can even be reduced to zero. \n\nIn summary, while it may not be immediately apparent, credit is a vital component of financial management, regardless of an individual's wealth status. By leveraging credit effectively, rich individuals can not only maintain their liquidity, but also optimize their tax status and minimize risk when taking on investment opportunities."}
{"2911": "\n\n\"When hiring personal assistants, it's crucial to ensure that you're working with a reputable company or an individual with a proven track record. As these individuals will be responsible for handling your personal belongings and data, exercising caution in the selection process is paramount.\""}
{"2912": "\n\nIn the United States, many car dealerships offer lease financing through one company, typically a subsidiary of the auto manufacturer. However, they provide loan financing through multiple companies, some of which offer loans with exorbitant interest rates and sell them as collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). It would be wise to research if Chase or First Tech Credit Union have viable car lease options available."}
{"2913": "\n\nIt is not possible to determine the monthly increase in the cost of living from the annual change in cost over the previous year. This is illustrated by a hypothetical scenario in a stable economy where prices remain constant for a long period of time. Despite monthly reports indicating a 0.00% change in the cost of living year over year, a permanent increase in the cost of various components occurred in August 2001 causing a 10% increase in the cost of living over the previous year. This led to widespread concern and action from various groups such as politicians and unions. Although the economy returned to normal behavior, the yearly inflation rate remained at 10% for the next eleven months. However, in September 2002, there was a significant drop in the inflation rate to 0.00% without any change in prices."}
{"2914": "\n\nNowadays, businesses often hold accounts in multiple currencies. Banks in some countries provide what is known as a dual currency account. This type of account includes two accounts with the same account number, but different currencies. For example, an account with number 123456 can hold both AUD and USD, and the account balance will display as X AUD and Y USD. When funds are deposited in electronic, check, or cash form in USD, the USD balance increases accordingly. Similar to deposits, when withdrawing funds, one must specify the currency. Interest rates are calculated separately for each currency. Essentially, it is like managing two accounts while only having to remember one account number. You can also designate a particular currency as the default currency. If no currency is quoted along with the account number, it will be treated as the default currency. Additionally, other services such as free currency advice make this proposition very attractive. Please note that if you have AUD 100 and USD 100, you cannot withdraw USD 110 unless you have signed up for an auto sweep conversion. If you deposit a GBP check into the account, it will be automatically converted into AUD, assuming AUD is set as the default currency."}
{"2915": "\n\nI am interested in understanding the process used to calculate the monthly payment. Here is the formula that was used: r = (1+3.06/(100*365))^31-1=0.002602, which converts the annual percentage to a monthly rate of daily compounded interest. Additionally, the following information was used: PV = 12865.57, n = 48. Plugging in these values, the formula used to calculate the monthly payment was: P = [r*(PV)]/[1-(1+r)^(-n)], and the resulting monthly payment was calculated to be $285.47."}
{"2916": "\n\nIn order for the shares you offer to be sold, there must be a buyer interested in purchasing them. There are various feature-rich options available for buying and selling stocks, though I'm not familiar with all of them. For instance, TD Ameritrade offers order types like \"Limit\", \"Market\", \"Stop Market\", \"Stop Limit\", \"Trailing Stop %\", and \"Trailing Stop $\" - you can find more information about these on this webpage: https://invest.ameritrade.com/cgi-bin/apps/u/PLoad?pagename=tutorial/orderTypes/overview.html\n\nStocks with higher trading volumes will enable your trades to execute quickly as there are more shares changing hands, whereas lower volume stocks may take longer. I'm still learning myself, but that's my understanding thus far."}
{"2917": "\n\nThe street name mentioned in the question does not refer to what you might expect. The broker is the sole owner listed under the street name and there is no additional information regarding any secondary owners. While it is unclear if independent verification is possible, if the broker is based in the United States and unexpectedly ceases operation, it may be possible to file a claim with the SIPC."}
{"2918": "\n\nWhile the law does not mandate having a separate bank account for your business or require that you pay all expenses from a business bank account, it is highly advisable to do so. By having a dedicated business account and paying business expenses from it, you streamline your accounting processes and create clear distinctions between your business and personal finances, which can be especially helpful during an audit. It's worth noting that the account used to pay for a particular expense doesn't impact whether that expense is ultimately deductible as a business expense. For instance, if you pay for advertising from your personal account, it can still be considered as a deductible business expense. Conversely, if you use your business account to purchase groceries, it is unlikely that this expense will be considered deductible. It's worth noting that various rules define when and how much travel expenses are deductible, so be sure to investigate the specific guidelines that apply in your case."}
{"2919": "\n\nRevised: Dutch law provides tax exemption for income generated from a hobby, but certain rules must be followed to qualify. One criterion is the amount of time spent on the activity, as well as whether the hourly wage is low. Having a boss typically indicates that the activity is not a hobby. A prime example is creating and selling dolls at a crafts fair. If someone sells at fairs all over the country each weekend, then it is a considerable time commitment and no longer considered a hobby. However, selling only at local fairs would qualify as a hobby. Situation 3 poses the most difficulty since it involves luck versus work. If someone obtained income luckily, then it is still viewed as a hobby. However, if someone spends a significant amount of time trading in-game to increase the value of their holdings, then it is seen as a job, and the income must be reported accordingly as \"income from other sources, not yet taxed.\" Actual expenses can be deducted while determining income from a hobby. In the case of a net income of -$1000, this is not unusual for a hobby, and the same applies if someone were to purchase and sell a horse at a loss after deciding not to pursue horse riding."}
{"2920": "\n\nIn the US, the majority of full-time developer positions are salaried rather than hourly, though this may vary for contractors. Pay also varies considerably by region, with the West and East coast generally offering the highest wages, though they also have a higher cost of living. For those interested in exploring salary data by region and job type, I recommend visiting indeed.com, which provides comprehensive salary charts. I particularly recommend this chart on the site for comparing salary trends for positions in PHP and Joomla."}
{"2921": "\n\nI practice this approach with a focus on asset allocation and risk parity. While I disagree with the \"cash or bust\" answers mentioned earlier, the information provided is still valuable and I do not intend to discredit it. To illustrate my point, let's examine two scenarios. Option 1 involves investing $100k in the S&P 500 ETF (SPY) in early 2007 and holding it until now. The lowest balance would have been around $51k, with the possibility of job loss looming. The current value would be $170k assuming no withdrawals. On the other hand, Option 2 involves adopting a risk parity approach by investing 50% in the Consumer Staples Sector ETF (XLP) and 50% in the Long Term Treasury ETF (TLT). The low point would have been $88k with the lowest annual return being +0.69%. Today, the investment would be worth $214k assuming no withdrawals. I selected Option 2, which has been a reliable investment strategy for me even in 2016. My philosophy is to always grow my wealth while taking necessary precautions for potential risks. This approach has been backtested using portfoliovisualizer.com; however, it is important to recognize the risks associated with inflation and a lack of international exposure."}
{"2922": "\n\nI am originally from India and have traveled to the US on business visas 6-8 times. Recently, my wife and I started a 2-member LLC where we provide online training services to American students from India. We have an EIN number and have never employed anyone. My question is, do I need to pay taxes in the US? Our American students pay us online through PayPal, and we already pay taxes in India. Do I need to file tax returns? We formed our LLC in 2010 and opened a virtual office for $75 per month. As our business is entirely freelance and online, do we still need to pay US taxes since we don't have a physical presence in the country? Your guidance on this matter would be greatly appreciated."}
{"2923": "\n\nA 401(k) is an investment, much like any other. Typically, the return on investment is expressed as a singular number; however, it's crucial to understand that there might be additional returns to consider. To ensure you have a full understanding of your investment, read the fund's prospectus carefully. It's worth noting that if you're using mutual funds for your investment, the prospectus should provide information on how they manage the underlying securities they hold on your behalf. While this may answer your question, it's always best to be thorough and know exactly what you're investing in."}
{"2924": "\n\nTL;DR: Boil your research down by reading The Little Book of Common Sense Investing and checking out popular questions on this site. High-risk investments may yield big rewards, but also big losses. Low-risk investments may offer a nearly-guaranteed 1-3% return. The best way for the average person to safely invest is to buy index funds, which spread risk across a range of stocks. Hold onto them for 10-15 years and you're likely to see a 6-7% return. Don't buy individual stocks unless you're an expert investor. Capital can also be used to start a side business, but be prepared for some work and research. Index funds offer a low-effort, reliable option."}
{"2925": "\n\nRevised: All US equity exchanges that are open to the public will be closed during the 9 US trading holidays listed below, and will be open on all other days. However, some venues may operate with extended trading hours and their \"early close\" may differ from the standard 13:00 ET on the Friday after Thanksgiving or on the day before Independence Day if it falls on a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday. Although the holiday schedules of NASDAQ and AMEX may differ from NYSE's, they are generally similar, except for the timing of the early close. The options exchanges, on the other hand, have extended trading hours by default and are not subject to the same regulations. Note that the US trading holidays differ from federal or bank holidays such as Columbus Day and Veterans Day, and do not include Good Friday. Please see the list of US trading holidays below. \n\nUS Trading Holidays:\n- New Year's Day\n- Martin Luther King, Jr. Day\n- Washington's Birthday (Presidents Day)\n- Memorial Day\n- Independence Day\n- Labor Day\n- Thanksgiving Day\n- Christmas Day\n- Veterans Day (Observed)"}
{"2926": "\n\nIf you opt for a financial planner, make sure they are a fiduciary. It's also best to pay them an hourly rate once a year, unless a percentage is currently less expensive. To locate a reliable planner, visit NAPFA.org, the National Association of Personal Financial Advisers website. The Garrett Planning Network is another valuable resource to check out at GarrettPlanningNetwork.com."}
{"2927": "\n\nYou have posed eleven separate questions, which can be overwhelming. Therefore, my first suggestion is to remain calm and approach finding answers in a systematic manner, taking one question at a time. You can begin by scouring various websites to check if these queries have previously been answered. Fortunately, you are at an opportune age to develop your investment and savings portfolio. Consider utilizing your 'other eight hours per day' to create alternative income streams, which could prove more profitable than a mere 2% deposit. Please be aware that all investments carry some level of risk, which is largely dependent on both your personal circumstances and the broader economy. Ultimately, the most reliable and thorough answers will come from doing your own research and consulting with expert advisors, who can comprehensively assess your financial standing and aspirations."}
{"2928": "\n\nProfessional financial advisors have access to tools that can provide a detailed analysis of a portfolio through Monte Carlo simulations based on the historical behavior of the stock market. After conducting about 100 simulations, they can provide statistical statements on the probable returns, the associated risks, and their confidence in those results. It is important to note that they do not solely rely on historical data or individual stocks because there is no guarantee that the past accidents that led to a company's success will happen again in the future. However, general trends and patterns can still be approximated through these simulations. This approach works well for investors who purchase index funds but may not be suitable for those looking for a more detailed portfolio strategy to outperform market rates. In such cases, additional effort is required to achieve the same statistical confidence."}
{"2929": "\n\nThe answer remains the same even after editing \u2013 you are asking the wrong question. If your father intends to make money accessible on your debit card, he can do so by depositing it into your checking account. The source of that money, whether it is an AmEx cash advance, selling your bike on your behalf, or using his own bank accounts, is inconsequential."}
{"2930": "What is the primary factor that prevents consumers from being as willing to pay fees as businesses do? Power. Similarly, what prevents individuals from being able to impose penalties or fines on businesses? It is a matter of power. Even if individuals could impose penalties, the cost would likely be high, and it would not be motivated by a desire for money, but rather principle. Unfortunately, individuals do not have a legal entitlement to receive money back from businesses. They could ask for compensation, but unless there is a signed contract agreeing to pay, businesses do not have to comply. Similarly, corporations cannot arbitrarily impose fees or fines on customers. Either customers had agreed to pay previously or they agree now in exchange for something. In both cases, the power rests on the side of the corporations, where customers must accept their rules to participate.\n\nHowever, customers also have a significant amount of power, particularly in well-competed markets. They can choose to do business with someone else if they do not like the fees. For instance, customers could avoid a restocking fee by shopping on Amazon, where returns are free. Or, find a doctor without a no-show fee, or one whose caseload is lower, making it easier to schedule appointments without having to do it far in advance. The power to fine businesses lies in the power of choosing not to patronize them. In some markets, though, customers have little power, such as in cable television (or other utilities). The FCC has established Customer Service Standards that cable companies must comply with, and many states have additional rules that impose more severe penalties for late or missed appointments.\n\nAdditionally, if a doctor is late, customers can choose to find another doctor who is not. Or, customers could opt to send the doctor a bill for their wasted time, which has worked in some cases, particularly if the doctor seeks to retain the customer's business."}
{"2931": "\n\nRevised: \n\nReceiving payments into an Indian Savings Bank account is permissible, as there are no restrictions on deposits. However, there are limitations on the number of withdrawals per quarter. Managing your finances is easier with a Current (or Checking) account. It's important to note that taxes must be paid whether the money is received in a Savings or Current account. Any individual can open a Current Account in their name, with no restrictions. To determine if the activity you're engaged in falls under the Service Tax Rules, it's best to consult a CA. For sums below 5K INR, a CA can not only provide advice but can also handle all necessary tax filings."}
{"2932": "\n\nOn average, not all residents of the UAE are wealthy, and oil and gas now only account for about 25% of the country's economy. However, there are reasons why the country may feel prosperous due to their focus on diversifying away from oil revenues, attracting international investment and tourism through free trade, full foreign ownership, no-tax zones, World Cup and other initiatives. The government and business are closely intertwined, and they are skilled at creating a positive experience for visitors, encouraging them to spend money in the country, much like Las Vegas. However, this development has come at a cost, with the country taking on significant debt to create these experiences. According to the World Bank and the CIA, the UAE's per capita GDP on a Purchasing Price Parity basis is roughly 18% higher than in the US, but it is unclear how evenly this wealth is distributed due to data limitations."}
{"2933": "\n\nRevised: Using credit in a debit way means that your card functions like a debit card for the transaction, pulling cash from your checking account without any difference. You might have noticed that some banks use the same plastic card for both debit and credit functions. Debit draws funds directly from your checking account while credit offers you time to pay a bill that comes in at a later time. It's a matter of personal choice."}
{"2934": "\n\nYes, it should be included in a normal budgetary emergency plan as insurance is an expense that one would expect to continue incurring, even in the most extreme circumstances."}
{"2935": "\n\nThere are a variety of strategies to manage finances within a relationship. I would like to share the approach that my spouse and I have found to be effective. Financial disagreements can be a common source of conflict and even divorce for many couples. Different spending priorities, especially when financial resources are limited, can exacerbate these disagreements. Our solution is a weekly allowance system. Firstly, we pool all our money and consider it shared between us. While this can be a challenging step for some couples, I trust and share my life with my spouse, so sharing my finances seemed natural. We then establish an allowance that we each receive to cover non-joint expenses, such as clothing, dining out, and hobbies. We determined the amount based on our previous spending, and adjust it annually. Criticizing each other's spending is not allowed, so we are free to use the money as we please. We have implemented this system for the last 23 years, and have found it to be a successful way to manage our finances and avoid financial fights. One downside is that it requires some effort to track expenses. We use an accounting system to plan our expenses and income at least one year in advance, allowing us to identify potential cash flow problems or areas where we can cut back. While the data collection requires work, it is worth the effort for us."}
{"2936": "\n\nRevised: If you inform the collector that the claim lacks validity, they must verify it with the creditor. This may result in a human review of the claim rather than an automated system, and if your assertion is correct, the collector will dismiss it."}
{"2937": "\n\nThere is no hard and fast rule, but candlesticks (whether fixed or volume weighted) generally serve to display intra-period price action. For instance, if you attempt to fit three years' worth of one-minute bars on a chart, candlesticks cease to be of use, and a line chart is best suited for the purpose."}
{"2938": "\n\nFirstly, it is unlikely that anyone on this site can provide you with accurate information on what TO DO in this matter. However, they may be able to offer some insights on what NOT to do. If you're considering offering equipment rentals, which can be a viable option in a developing country, it is essential to research the local market thoroughly. Start by asking around and identifying what equipment people need to rent. Additionally, studying the success stories of similar companies in other developing or developed countries can be valuable.\n\nStart small by offering rentals for items like pressure washers, generators, concrete mixers, forklifts, and hydraulic ladders. These items are relatively expensive, making it difficult for many people to purchase them outright, and are not frequently needed. As a result, they can generate solid revenue streams as they can be rented for a premium."}
{"2939": "\n\nTo effectively track your earnings, it is important to add your daily earnings each day. For instance, if you work a full-time job for 8 hours a day at a rate of $20 per hour, you would add $160 to your salary account at the end of the first day of the month. Even though you won't get paid for almost a month, you have still earned this amount, making it accrued. However, if you do not receive payment, it becomes bad debt, which you can write off after you can prove the payee's inability to pay. Nonetheless, for an individual or small business, using an accrual method of accounting is generally a poor choice. On the other hand, it can solve various accounting and revenue recognition issues for big companies that handle high volume business activities."}
{"2940": "\n\nThough not making a profit, a company may still pay dividends through various means. Firstly, a company may still have profits from previous years that it carries as retained earnings. Checking the financial statements for this will indicate. Secondly, a company may borrow money to pay shareholders as dividends. Thirdly, it might sell some of its assets and distribute the gains as dividends. Lastly, a company might get acquired by another one which then pays shareholders to keep them pleased. It is vital to monitor the financial statements to determine how much liquid cash a company has to pay shareholders. The decision to pay dividends still rests on the company, and they can stop it whenever they want. For instance, Steve Jobs did not pay dividends at Apple, although they made billions in profits. Some companies prefer to reinvest in their business instead of paying dividends to shareholders."}
{"2941": "\n\nMoney holds value because people trust that it can be used to purchase useful goods or services. Changes in foreign exchange rates are driven by shifts in perceptions about the purchasing power of different currencies. For example, if the government of Zimbabwe suddenly increases its money supply, the value of that currency decreases, making it less desirable to exchange for other currencies such as the US dollar. The size of an economy and its money supply are the primary factors that influence a currency's value. Currency fluctuations are often a reflection of changes in people's expectations for regional economies or shifts in the money supply. Zimbabwe's economy has benefited from switching to the US dollar instead of their own overprinted currency."}
{"2942": "\n\nA company may choose to retain earnings, which means it holds on to the money. Stockholders are only entitled to receive the amount of money determined by the board of directors in the form of dividends, as not all money is required to be returned to them. While there are more intricate details involved, this provides a straightforward response to your inquiry."}
{"2943": "\n\nIt is important to review your billing statement thoroughly and question any unfamiliar charges. Credit card thieves often leave a trail, so if you notice charges appearing in a location that you have not visited, such as Idaho when you live in Florida, it is worth investigating. Keeping physical charge slips may not be beneficial, as they do not necessarily provide additional information beyond what is already on the billing statement. Stolen credit cards typically have a short half-life, resulting in numerous charges in a short period of time. If you notice small, repeated charges over an extended period of time, the perpetrator may be someone you know personally, rather than a faceless thief. In such a situation, charge slips will be of little help."}
{"2944": "\n\nAn overall loss of $500 on the stock can be claimed. The Wash Sale rule does not affect the day trader's taxes, as she sold both lots she acquired. However, if she were to purchase the stock again within thirty days of the second sale, the Wash Sale rule would apply. In this case, claiming the $500 loss would no longer be valid, and she would need to amend her taxes. The loss would then be added to the cost basis of the most recent purchase."}
{"2945": "\n\nAccording to Marketwatch, the 108 strike call option is currently selling for 1.45, which is a decrease of 1.53 from yesterday. To determine the actual market value for this contract, we can split the bid and ask prices and arrive at 1.415. However, it's important to note that options come with challenges such as commission fees and low liquidity. In some cases, commission fees can reach as high as $45 per trade, and there is a risk of open interest disappearing overnight. Even if you manage to make a profit on your contracts, you may struggle to find a buyer willing to pay the full value. To assess the potential profitability of your trade, monitor it over several weeks. Ultimately, it's worth acknowledging that brokers may be the only ones profiting from options trading."}
{"2946": "I'm not sure if I fully understand your question. Regarding the possibility of a significant fraud occurring that is too large for funding, it's important to note that SIPC does not provide funding. What it does instead is take control of the troubled brokerage firm, including its assets and books, and expedite the return of funds to investors. Please refer to SIPC's website for more information on what they cover and what they do not cover, as well as their key differences from the FDIC. SIPC is free for everyday investors, while others would need to pay a premium for similar coverage. \n\nAs for the scenario of a large brokerage firm misappropriating all customer account margin money and selling off stocks held in those accounts, the potential impact would be significant. While it's uncertain precisely how things would play out, it's likely that individual payout limits would decrease for initial payments, with additional payments only occurring after funds have been recovered from the entities involved. In past situations where a brokerage firm has failed, some customer money has been diverted, but stocks typically remain secure. SIPC works to expedite the process of returning funds to investors, as individuals would otherwise have to navigate a complex legal landscape on their own."}
{"2947": "\n\nRevised: \n\nFor information on the historical components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, you can refer to this Wikipedia page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_components_of_the_Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average \n\nTo find out about the NASDAQ-100, scroll down on this page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASDAQ-100 \n\nAs for the S&P, obtaining the necessary data may be challenging. It appears that access may require affiliation with Harvard Business School, membership in CRSP, or access to Bloomberg's databases. While S&P did offer this information in the past, it is no longer publicly available, as far as I can determine."}
{"2948": "\n\nYou may have to pay a higher cost for stocks on tax-free dividend exchanges. For instance, HSBC on the NYSE has a 4.71% yield while HSBC on the LSE has only a 4.56% yield. Assuming the shares are identical, the prices differ from market fluctuations if the UK taxes are more favorable than those in the US. Consequently, the demand for HSBC on the LSE increases, raising the price and lowering the yield by 0.15%. The significance of the yield difference depends on the dividend tax, with a 30% and 0% tax rate. If your country has a foreign tax credit, like the US, the 30% return is delayed until your tax return, making the choice of which exchange to buy on less clear cut. However, if your country doesn't have this tax credit, it's advisable to purchase stocks on an exchange without dividend tax. This information is from a useful article I read a few months back, but registration is required to access the entire site. The example of UN versus UL stocks on the NYSE, both ADRs for Unilever in the Netherlands and the UK, can similarly help you understand your situation."}
{"2949": "\n\nMultiple classes of shares are issued by some companies with different ownership and voting rights ratios. Some classes may not be listed on any exchange, while others may have limited or no voting rights. Although voting rights ratios are not considered in calculating market cap, shares with voting rights typically carry a premium. Market cap must be calculated by weighting all classes of shares listed or not based on the ratios in the company's ownership structure. In some cases, like Berkshire Hathaway, Class B shares have an ownership level of 1/1500 of Class A shares. As of December 4th, 2015, Alphabet Inc. has several classes of shares. It's important to consider other securities issued by the company, such as convertible debt instruments and stock options, when determining market cap. This is referred to as \"Fully Diluted\" assuming all such securities are converted."}
{"2950": "\n\nThe 10-Q form is a quarterly report that is filed every quarter, while the 10-K is filed annually. The 8-K form is a notification of material events that are required to be reported to shareholders and is filed each time such an event occurs. While it can be filed together with periodical reports, it may also be filed independently. If you're interested only in financial statements, you should seek out the 10-K/10-Q reports. The SEC provides filing dates for these forms, but does not indicate which events are considered more material. You may examine stock price fluctuations around those dates to determine what investors deemed more material, but keep in mind that unrelated market factors may also influence stock prices. Additionally, investors may consider events not required to be reported to the SEC to be material, such as a town hall meeting discussing zoning for a company's HQ building. Such events might impact investor sentiment even if there is no obligation to report them to the SEC."}
{"2951": "\n\nThe objective of Company Distribution is to create a histogram that illustrates the number of companies falling within a specific range, thereby providing a visual representation of the quantity of companies meeting a particular criterion. For instance, by adjusting the \"Market Cap\" sliders to position the minimum slider just before the significant surge in the distribution and the maximum slider just after the drop-off, a clear depiction emerges, showcasing that the vast majority of companies possess a market cap ranging from approximately $5,700 to $141 billion."}
{"2952": "\n\nI highly recommend watching Swenson's enlightening lecture series in which he identifies three sources of returns: diversification, timing, and selection. While he appears to dismiss timing and selection, a student challenges him on this point. It is revealed that Yale has indeed timed the market by shorting .com stocks before the bubble burst and real estate just before the downturn. In 1990, Yale established an \"Absolute Return\" unit and allocated around 15 percent of its portfolio to it by selling US equities. This unit specializes in hedging strategies similar to the ones described above. To reduce costs, Yale hires internal managers for specific areas. This is because Wall Street charges high expense ratios that would represent a sizable salary when applied to Yale's multi-billion-dollar portfolio. Furthermore, selling off assets to maintain ratios requires specialized knowledge. In some cases, it is not feasible to invest without management. For instance, Yale has a significant allocation in private equity, which is not traded on the open market. Despite diversification efforts, Yale lost 25 percent of its portfolio in 2009. This suggests that while diversification reduces volatility, it may not always guarantee steady returns."}
{"2953": "\n\nIf you truly wish to assist your friend in purchasing a house, consider proposing an alternative offer - buy the house yourself and lease it to your friend. The lease agreement should include an option to purchase the property at the original purchase cost, plus all interest paid to the bank up to that point, as well as closing costs and any other expenses incurred by you, minus payments already made by your friend. If this option doesn't appeal to you, it's best to avoid involvement altogether. The other responses have already outlined why this is advisable."}
{"2954": "\n\nI have some additional points to add to the excellent responses provided by JoeTaxpayer and littleadv. While a decedent's estate can be named as the beneficiary of an IRA, a testamentary trust cannot. Instead, a testamentary trust can serve as a pass-through entity that receives distributions from the IRA and distributes them to beneficiaries, provided it meets certain requirements outlined in Publication 590. For minors named as beneficiaries, the trust must disperse any IRA distributions to the legal guardians or other custodians of the minors' UTMA accounts, who are responsible for investing the funds for the minors' benefit. However, the funds cannot be used for the legal guardians' living expenses, except as allowed under UTMA regulations. Once the minors become adults, they receive all the accumulated value of their UTMA accounts and are free to use the funds, including taking RMDs. The main advantage of the testamentary trust is that it allows the trustee to decide how much money beyond the RMD is distributed each year. However, the amount of discretion allowed should be carefully considered. Regardless of whether the Traditional IRA goes directly to beneficiaries or through a testamentary trust, the value of the IRA is still included in the estate and may be subject to estate tax. Beneficiaries may deduct the portion of the estate tax paid from the income tax they owe on IRA withdrawals. Estate planning is a highly complex area, and even lawyers experienced in estate and trust matters may struggle with aspects of tax law, like income tax law."}
{"2955": "\n\nRevised: It's important to understand that investing and illegal drugs are two completely different things. One cannot climb the ladder from lower-level investments like penny stocks to higher ones like reputable companies. The charts mentioned are often fraudulent and part of a \"pump and dump\" scheme, as pointed out by colleagues in the comments. Investing in good companies is a journey with ups and downs. You can look at well-known companies like Apple, Google, Tesla, GE, or Microsoft to see this. If you want to start investing, there are several paths to take. Reading books by experts like Jack Bogle is a great starting point."}
{"2956": "\n\nI disagree that cloth diapers save money. Here's why. In order to prevent skin irritation, you need to be vigilant about changing the diaper as soon as it gets wet. For a newborn, this means every two hours, which can lead to a significant increase in laundry and added burden on the mother. Even if you do save money on diapers, you'll likely spend that money on the increased water and electricity bills, as well as having to comfort the mother more frequently."}
{"2957": "\n\nThe Ex-Date is a factor determined by both the exchange and the dividend. To illustrate, let's consider Deutsche Bank AG, which is registered under different tickers: DB on NYSE and DKR on Xetra. The Ex-Date for trades on each exchange is determined by its respective dividend. The SEC website provides a description of how this process works in the US, which is similar to other exchanges in different countries. Typically, the Ex-Date is established based on the record date of the dividend, when a shareholder must be listed on the company's books to receive their payout. The Ex-Date is then set to allow enough time for the exchange trades to settle. Since the same dividend may have different Ex-Dates for different exchanges, it's important to check the time zone of each exchange. The majority of stock exchanges operate on a T+3 schedule, but the presence of public holidays in different countries and at different times may impact the settlement process. Investors must be cautious as selling shares before or on the Ex-Date of an exchange means missing out on the dividend."}
{"2958": "\n\nI suggest something that your parents may hesitate to mention: it's time to face reality and become independent. Believe it or not, a man who makes minimum wage, lives in a van by the river and has no savings, has achieved something that you still have yet to accomplish: adulthood. To me, this quality holds more value than one's income or net worth. It's time to step up and become one of us, Bryan. I believe you will find it fulfilling. While your savings might take a hit, your newfound respect as an adult will make it worthwhile."}
{"2959": "\n\nTo freely manage the funds of your business, ensure that you keep a record of every transaction. It is recommended to utilize accounting software such as QuickBooks or a similar system for optimal record-keeping. Establish a Capital Contributions account and record when you deposit money into the business checking account as a Capital Contribution. Similarly, if you withdraw funds from the business, it should be from your Capital Accounts. You can either create a Capital Distributions account separately in your accounting software or use a single account for contributions and distributions. The flow of money in and out of the Capital Accounts is not taxable. You will pay taxes based on your net earnings, regardless of profits being distributed or not. To receive reimbursement for expenses made, submit an expense report to the company. If the company is currently unfunded, you can make a Capital Contribution to cover expenses and submit the expense report, waiting until you have profits before paying out expenses or making any distributions. Welcome to the world of entrepreneurship!"}
{"2960": "\n\nThe Solo 401(k) not only has standard contribution limits but also allows for contributions up to 20% of net profits (for sole proprietors) or 50% of salary (for corporations), up to a maximum of $49,000. It is important to be aware that fees associated with 401(k) accounts tend to be higher than those of IRAs. For more information, check out resources on 401(k)s for small businesses."}
{"2961": "\n\nRevised: You could consider taking up additional work options such as pizza delivery, lawn mowing, babysitting, or house cleaning. These tasks may not be enjoyable, but they are still a better alternative to facing a credit card bill."}
{"2962": "\n\nInvestors can realize financial gains from a stock through two primary methods: dividends and stock price appreciation. In the given scenario, the majority of the benefits came from dividends, leaving less potential for an increase in company valuation. Essentially, the company distributed its profits to shareholders as dividends instead of reinvesting in the business to stimulate growth. Such reinvestment could result in lower dividends but potentially higher stock valuations. The decision to pay dividends still benefits investors, but it may keep share prices comparatively low."}
{"2963": "\n\nThere are several ways to organize this business venture, but it is advisable to consult with a lawyer to ensure all legal issues are addressed. One option is for one person to operate as a sole proprietorship, while the other acts as a contractor who receives 50% of profits. This arrangement should be put in writing, along with other important matters. The owner of the sole proprietorship may be eligible to deduct certain business expenses while the contractor would receive a 1099 tax form for their share of revenues. Setting up a partnership or S-Corp in which both parties are 50% owners is another option, which requires the necessary legal paperwork. Alternatively, an LLC can be established in any of the aforementioned structures. It is important to consider the added cost of tax preparation, which can total around $600 per year, before choosing a tax structure. In any case, the first step is to apply for an EIN and open a business bank account. Good luck with the new venture!"}
{"2964": "\n\nIt appears that you are currently in a favorable financial position and are looking to invest your money to yield returns. Based on your prior statement, it seems that you are a professional with a stable income unrelated to the finance industry. In this case, it would be advisable to diversify your investment portfolio through passive investments rather than active ones, which require extensive research and expertise to implement properly.\n\nIf your primary goal is to actively trade, then conducting research on individual companies may be an effective starting point. However, if your objective is to create a diverse portfolio and generate passive income, then passive investments offer a more suitable approach. Two common passive investment vehicles are mutual funds and ETFs, and depending on your future goals, either option could be suitable. It's recommended that you conduct a thorough analysis of the pros and cons associated with each before making an informed decision on which to pursue."}
{"2965": "\n\nI don't believe it is possible to obtain a mortgage with a fixed amount and fixed rate over a timeframe of 5 years or more. This type of option is not generally available and would present several practical challenges. While it is possible to \"lock\" a mortgage rate for a shorter period of time, such as days or weeks, this is typically tied to a specific house offer and differs from what you are asking for. As mentioned in a comment to your question, this is a common practice."}
{"2966": "\n\nWhile it may not be a frequent occurrence, it is not entirely rare either. There is a subtle difference. For those who have limited financial resources, they can depend on some form of government assistance, irrespective of whether they are covered under Obamacare or Trumpcare, or it is general support. However, the middle and affluent classes are usually the hardest hit. The authorities recognize that it is futile to pursue payment from impoverished individuals. Nevertheless, they persistently send bills to the middle and affluent classes, even though they may take a more extended period to make their payments. In my experience, from many years ago before Obamacare, I stayed at a relative's home while undergoing various tests in the hospital. Despite being poor, I received the necessary care and tests, and the hospital classified it as \"charity care.\""}
{"2967": "\n\nWhen I was 18/19 years old, I found myself in a comparable situation, although I wasn't earning as much money. I decided to invest in savings bonds and maximized my IRA contribution, taking advantage of the favorable interest rates of those times. Unfortunately, I also foolishly squandered about half of my earnings, which, in hindsight, I realize was unwise. However, I did enjoy myself at the time."}
{"2968": "\n\nThe information you described pertains solely to technical data concerning a stock's market price and trading volume. It does not infer anything about a company's financial fundamentals such as earnings/profitability, outstanding shares, market capitalization, dividends, balance sheet assets, and liabilities. The data only indicates positive or negative momentum in the stock's trading. To assess a company's performance, you need access to its fundamental data, which is obtainable from the company's annual and quarterly reports."}
{"2969": "\n\nAccording to US tax law, an association of individuals or entities that is not classified as an individual or corporation is defined as a \"partnership\". The IRS website provides information on partnerships. If a group like \"meetup.com\" earns income, it is considered partnership income, and the members of the group are considered partners. However, as the comments suggest, if the partnership is not managed correctly, the situation can become more complicated."}
{"2970": "\n\nTypically, vesting ceases upon resignation. For instance, if a plan grants 20% vesting annually for 5 years and a one-time stock award was received as part of the plan (ignoring the possibility of separate grants vesting yearly), an employee hired in 2014 who quits at the end of 2016 would have vested 20% in 2015 and 20% in 2016, resulting in 40% vested stock at the time of resignation. This individual would not receive more than 40% vested stock."}
{"2971": "\n\nThe Turbotax community had a question similar to this. They suggest putting it under \"Office Expense.\" However, I don't understand the purpose of having so many categories when they all just add up and eventually get subtracted from your income. If your final tax liability remains the same, how could you get in trouble for placing an expense in the wrong column?"}
{"2972": "\n\nRebalancing involves adjusting your investment portfolio across mutually independent asset classes, such as stocks and bonds. While these asset classes may be inversely correlated at times (e.g., when stocks go down, bonds may go up), a good starting point for a young investor, in their 30s, is to allocate 80% to stocks and 20% to bonds. Some suggest using the rule of thumb '110 minus your age' to determine the stock allocation percentage. \n\nRebalancing is necessary when the asset allocation (AA) deviates from the target allocation by more than 3% to 5%. For example, if a recent increase in the stock market causes the AA to become 85% stocks and 15% bonds, you would sell some stocks and buy more bonds to rebalance back to the target allocation of 80% stocks and 20% bonds. This technique benefits from the age-old principle of buying low and selling high, as it involves selling the investments that have performed well and buying those that have lagged behind.\n\nTo achieve diversification within your stocks portfolio, investing in the S&P 500 index is a good start. For the bond portfolio, a total bond fund is recommended."}
{"2973": "\n\nYour credit score will increase over time as you repay the loan or make regular payments. However, it will not immediately return to its previous level. If the property is a burden, consider selling it to improve your credit score in the medium term."}
{"2974": "Revised: If you plan to be a long-term investor, your strategy should focus on buying and holding. This means you will not sell, so the future price is not essential. Instead, you should consider the dividend payout because it is relevant. To calculate the yield, divide the dividend by the price paid for the security. \n\nIt is worth mentioning that what you refer to as an \"active investor\" is more appropriately called speculation. Attempting to \"buy low, sell high\" is unpredictable because you have only a 50-50 chance of predicting the low price and high price correctly. Additionally, buying and selling frequently incurs commission fees, which benefit the broker more often than not. The likelihood of success using this approach is only 25%, making it a risky game. Instead, take a cue from Warren Buffet and hold onto a dividend-paying security. The price of the security becomes irrelevant, and you will continue to receive dividends indefinitely."}
{"2975": "\n\nRevised: The saying \"money talks, bullshit walks\" holds true in the US, as demonstrating your ability to pay upfront can often bypass any credit history requirements. While credit history serves as a standardized method for assessing financial reliability, it can also weed out individuals who may have extenuating circumstances, such as overdrafting accounts while waiting for a friend to reimburse them. However, having a wad of cash can simplify the process of obtaining a car, apartment or bank account. Nevertheless, establishing credit through a secured credit card is easily achievable and can be beneficial for utility bills and job opportunities. Additionally, having financial assets in a bank account can increase your chances of being approved for credit. While socioeconomic problems can pose a challenge, financial stability can offer a degree of exemption in the United States."}
{"2976": "\n\nThere are two esoteric differences that are related to the same cause. When you have an outstanding debit balance in a margin, your broker may lend out your securities to short sellers. They may also be able to lend them out even if there is no debit balance, so it is important to check your account agreement and relevant regulations. However, you may never know this unless you ask, and even then, there may be no indication in your account. In the event that the securities pay out dividends while being lent out, you will not receive the dividends directly. Instead, the dividends will go to the person who bought them from the short-seller. The short-seller will then have to pay the dividend amount to their broker, who will in turn pay it to your broker, who finally pays it to you. If the security's dividends were qualified dividends (15% max rate), the qualified-ness will go to the person who bought the security from the short-seller. Unfortunately, what you receive will not be dividends, but rather a payment-in-lieu of dividends, and qualified dividend treatment will not be available for them. However, some brokers may offer you a gross-up payment to compensate for the additional tax you would have had to pay for the loss of your qualified dividends. \n\nSimilarly, if there is a shareholder vote, and the stock was lent out on the record date to establish voting eligibility, the person eligible to vote is the person who bought them from the short-seller, not you. Therefore, if you want or need to vote in a shareholder vote, you should contact your broker and ask them to journal the shares in question over to the cash side of your account before the record date for determining voting eligibility."}
{"2977": "\n\nOne factor that seems to be overlooked in the equation is the depreciation of the car's value. It's worth considering what the 30K car will be worth in, say, 84 months or 60 months. Depending on the condition, the car's value could be around $8 to $10K. If one is comfortable with that level of financial loss, then they probably aren't too concerned with the 27K investment value over the 30K loan at 0.9%. However, I think this sets a bad example. Many people consider car payments a necessary evil, but it can be a tough habit to break once you have one. There's a psychological advantage to driving a paid-for car that could lead to increased earnings. The book of Proverbs in the Old Testament offers a lot of sound advice, including the warning that \"the borrower is slave to the lender.\" Personally, I've found that being debt-free is a transformative and empowering experience that goes beyond the financial benefits."}
{"2978": "\n\nThere are numerous houses available for purchase. While you might be content with your current rental, it is improbable that it is the most ideal buy. Homeowners are typically more invested in their property and their neighborhood's quality than renters. Therefore, seeking a home in a community where most individuals are homeowners would be generally advantageous."}
{"2979": "\n\nPossible revision: The straightforward explanation might be that one or several \"entities\" decided to purchase. When I say \"entities,\" I'm not referring to individual buyers of 100 shares, such as you or me, but rather to large institutional investors like Fidelity, who can buy millions of shares at once. Alternatively, if we're discussing an actual person, it could be someone like Warren Buffett. In a thinly traded small-cap stock that usually trades only a few hundred shares per day, an order for thousands of shares could dramatically influence the price. In this scenario, even fairly \"ordinary\" entities could impact a single stock."}
{"2980": "\n\nRevised: The question is too subjective to answer definitively. However, I can share my personal experience with successful trades. During the deep water crisis, I successfully shorted BP using a leveraged account that was 20 times larger than my actual cash, resulting in instant profitability. In March 2009, I invested in Freddie Mac and it took several months for the investment to turn a profit, eventually resulting in a 100% gain. Additionally, I have made profits by flipping penny stocks, buying several million shares at .0001 cents and selling them at .0002 cents. The timing of these trades varied depending on liquidity. Currently, I primarily focus on derivatives trading, an area in which I lacked knowledge just a year ago. It's important not to set unrealistic targets that can lead to account depletion. Precise planning is key. It's also important to determine what type of trader you are."}
{"2981": "\n\nIf the person is a debt collector, they must comply with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. This means they must furnish a verification of the debt upon your written request. If they fail to provide you with a means to do so, they are infringing the law, and you need to notify the relevant authorities. If this person is not a legitimate debt collector, it may be a scam, and you must report it to the appropriate law enforcement agency."}
{"2982": "\n\nRevised: Line one presents your initial investment of 1M, along with a given rate of return and a year-end withdrawal starting at 25,000. Line 2 continues with your remaining balance after that withdrawal, applies the rate again, and shows a higher withdrawal amount of 3% per year. In Column one, the cumulative effect of 3% inflation is demonstrated, with the final balance (903K) being divided by this cumulative inflation. To summarize - if you only receive the return of inflation and start by spending that exact amount, you will lose half of your real value in just 20 years. The 1.029 rate provided is a trial and error method, as it is unclear how a finance calculator would handle such a payment flow. If required, I can share the spreadsheet with you. Note: This may not be precisely what the OP requested, but if the concept is helpful, I can leave it as is. Otherwise, any negative feedback is welcome, and I will remove it accordingly."}
{"2983": "\n\nIt is strongly advised against taking out a new mortgage or any credit-related investment in Greece due to the growing political risk and junk credit rating of bonds. If you were to apply for a mortgage, you would immediately be underwater. Additionally, it is likely that buyers will be scarce once you realize that the payments no longer make financial sense. If you are looking to invest, there are more liquid assets available, such as paper gold. It is best to consider renting rather than taking on the risk of a mortgage in Greece."}
{"2984": "\n\nAnswering this question effectively can be quite challenging due to the fact that a significant amount of forex trading occurs directly between financial institutions and banks, rather than on a centralized market. Unfortunately, banks are often reluctant to disclose information regarding their currency trading practices. Despite this, it is crucial to have a solid understanding of trading in markets where available information exists. To gain insight into relative volume by currency, surveys can be conducted based on information provided by banks regarding the amount of currency that is traded. It is noteworthy that the U.S. Dollar is currently the most frequently traded currency due to the fact that many market participants utilize it as an intermediary currency for converting between other currencies. Wikipedia offers a comprehensive explanation of forex trading, which includes a chart that is clearly formatted and informative."}
{"2985": "\n\nBloomberg has reported that two Fidelity funds currently hold preferred shares of Snapchat Inc. Unlike ordinary stocks, preferred shares have characteristics that more closely resemble bonds, such as a fixed dividend, lower liquidity, and non-voting rights. Due to their lower liquidity, these shares are typically not traded on the market. While it is perfectly legal for a company to hold a non-marketable interest in another company, such as Snapchat, the funds' strategy documents may restrict ownership of illiquid assets or limit the percentage of assets held in such instruments. Nonetheless, these funds are an attractive option for start-ups seeking funding, as they provide a low-cost way for investors to directly invest in new companies before they go through the expensive process of an initial public offering (IPO). These funds deal directly with company owners to purchase shares, which are then marked to market (MTM) to reflect their fair value. The recent markdown of Snapchat's stock value by Fidelity likely reflects a calculated decrease in the net present value (NPV) of the company's assets, possibly due to a lack of revenue streams coming into the business. Additionally, it should be noted that there is no market for start-up stocks pre-IPO."}
{"2986": "\n\nThere are Cyber Security and Reporting Standards that apply to Financial Service Providers, such as Banks and Financial Services where customers deposit and/or transact fiat currency. A comprehensive list of these standards can be found on Wikipedia under Cyber Security Standards. However, depending on the geographic location, there might be additional local government requirements regarding reporting issues and data security.\n\nIt is essential to differentiate between fraudulent customers and attackers on a bank's infrastructure. Fraudulent customers or those that have been compromised by third parties can be identified through credit scores and merchant databases, as well as data from firms specialized in Fraud Prevention. On the other hand, attackers who intend to steal, manipulate or spy on data can be identified, prevented, and recorded using IDS solutions and attacker databases. For firms that receive compensation from insurance, compliance with the law and maintaining records is crucial. Therefore, they focus more on recording data to backtrack attackers than preventing attacks.\n\nFor customers, the most important things to consider are local laws and deposit insurance. Banks are insured and typically compensate customers for money theft. Authentication methods, such as PIN/TAN, are crucial but standard. These authentication methods consist of one password and one offline part, such as a TAN from a paper letter or an RSA generator or card reader.\n\nTo summarize, financial institutions must comply with local laws and meet international standards. Banks use highly advanced intrusion detection and fraud prevention, which is logically based on databases. For the average customer, there is seldom a high risk of losing deposits even if the attacker gains full access to the bank account. However, this depends on the country you reside in. In the case of targeted attacks, additional security measures may need to be implemented."}
{"2987": "There are many excellent tactical points in the previous answers, but I'd like to focus on two strategic points to consider in your five-year plan. Both of them involve diversification. \n\nExpense allocation: You have several potential expenses, or rather, \"applications\" for your money. Consider your finances as a resource that you can allocate into multiple \"buckets\" based on time horizon and risk tolerance. Start with an ultra-short-term cushion for extreme emergencies that you can access at a moment's notice from a bank account. A short-term cushion for emergencies follows, best fulfilled by a CD ladder that offers better interest rates and quick access to your funds. For long-term savings, consider an investment account with low-index funds that offer better returns than savings accounts or CDs but require more risk tolerance. Retirement savings are also critical; you should consider an IRA or 401k, with the latter available through a job. Prioritize these expenses as mentioned above and ensure that you have enough money in short-term cushions to be 99% confident. \n\nIncome: Consider your expected net income (after living expenses) for the next few years as you allocate your savings. Factors such as your health, marital status, career goals, and job stability could all impact your financial plans. Determine whether short-term or long-term savings are more important based on these factors. \n\nThere is no one perfect way to allocate your money, so be wise and give yourself a good head start in your personal finances. Best of luck!"}
{"2988": "\n\nHave you considered whether your mother-in-law is contributing to the cost of housing or whether she is renting from you? This is important to factor into your financial calculations. If you were to start a business, you would need to declare such expenses on your business taxes, which would also count as income for your mother-in-law and require her to file taxes accordingly, both state and federal taxes. For instance, if your mother-in-law ran the business, she could deduct expenses like diapers as a business expense. However, if you ran the business, it would significantly complicate tax matters as your business expenses would be covering your personal expenses. Furthermore, regardless of your work situation, there would still be a diaper expense to pay. \n\nTo qualify for the tax credit, you must report relevant details like the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the care provider on your tax return, using Form W-10 (PDF) to request this information from the provider. If you cannot obtain this information, you may still qualify for the credit by demonstrating that you made a good-faith effort to provide it. Note, however, that the IRS will look for an income tax form from your mother-in-law that claims the income, and attempting to \"game the system\" by starting a business solely to save on taxes might trigger an audit. Filing for the credit complexly, based on your household's adjusted gross income, could lead to higher taxes for your mother-in-law. Finally, employing a household worker means that you would need to pay social security and other taxes. Therefore, claiming your mother-in-law as a dependent might be an easier option."}
{"2989": "\n\nRevised: Is it possible for the Fed to lower interest rates below zero by bidding more than the bond's maturity value? While this is theoretically possible, it would require the Fed to purchase all the bonds in the market, given that other market participants would not be willing to lend money to the government if they are to receive less money in the future. It's worth noting that the ability to print unlimited amounts of dollars is not available to everyone."}
{"2990": "\n\n\"I believe that \"Rich Dad Poor Dad\" offers a valuable insight into the fundamentals of personal finance, presented in an accessible manner, for those who want to have a solid understanding of the subject before they begin investing.\""}
{"2991": "\n\nThe DJIA methodology is outlined in detail in their official methodology document, which can be found on their website. Additionally, the index mathematics document provides specific details on adjustments that may be necessary. By reviewing both documents, you can obtain a comprehensive understanding of the methodology, including the specific responses made to various corporate actions such as splits and structural changes. This information is provided in as much detail as needed."}
{"2992": "\n\nKeep in mind that dividends are not always distributed on a quarterly basis. For instance, a stock that I acquired not long ago has a value of $8.03, and its Div/yield ratio is 0.08/11.9. Although $0.08 multiplied by 4 equals $0.32, which only amounts to a 3.9% yield, this stock pays dividends every month. However, if you multiply $0.08 by 12 months, you get $0.96, which equates to an 11.9% yield. Therefore, if the stock price and dividends remain unchanged throughout the year, you stand to earn an 11.9% return."}
{"2993": "\n\nIs it worthwhile to invest in stocks with a 2-3% average yield? The average yield is skewed by stocks in the S&P500 index that do not pay dividends or have such low yields that they are not worth considering. Thus, when building an investment portfolio by contributing $2k-$3k/month, the immediate yield is not the best measure of dividends or other investments. Rather, income investors should focus on YOC (Yield On Cost), which measures the income received in a year based on the purchase price of the asset generating that income. \n\nFor dividend growth investing, investors must pick the right companies based on several criteria, such as long-term EPS and dividend growth rates, low debt/cashflow ratio, good moat, etc. They should buy only on dips or downtrends, where the price causes a higher yield and lower than normal P/E, and have faith that they've valued the company correctly for a 3+ year or longer hold time. It's not unheard of to build up a $20k+ dividend payment portfolio in less than 10 years. \n\nIncome is not just for the elderly. Some people have achieved financial independence by building up an income portfolio that covers their expenses. To this end, it's important to determine whether stock assets that pay dividends or other investment opportunities resonate with individual preferences, risk tolerance, and liquidity concerns. For example, post-tax stock accounts are more liquid than a real estate portfolio, depending on personal circumstances."}
{"2994": "\n\nTo accurately monitor your financial progress, it is essential to record every buy and sell transaction \u2013 including potential losses. This means meticulously reporting each purchase and sale on Schedule D, which can add up to several pages of documentation."}
{"2995": "\n\nThe media frequently reports on the US central bank stopping the flow of \"cheap money\", but what exactly does this mean and how will it impact the stock market? An interest rate can be thought of as the cost of borrowing money, and if it is considered cheap, it implies that the interest rate is lower than what is typically expected. Comparing it to a cheap price of milk, it's important to note that the low cost of money is relative to past prices or that of competitors' rates.\n\nIt is inaccurate to assume that the value of the dollar will decrease simply because the supply of dollars has increased. The value or price of the dollar is determined by both the supply and demand for it. If the demand for dollars outweighs the supply, the price will increase, as we have recently seen in the value of the dollar compared to other foreign currencies and commodities like gold.\n\nWhen cheap money ends, the value of the dollar and interest rates will likely rise. This could slow down the economy and make it more difficult for companies to generate profits, leading to a decline in earnings. Furthermore, those who rely heavily on cheap borrowing (such as REITs) could face financial difficulties and even bankruptcy.\n\nIn summary, the end of cheap money will likely have far-reaching consequences, but predicting the exact outcome is difficult. It's essential to observe the current market trends to understand what may happen in the future."}
{"2996": "You have asked multiple questions, so to answer them effectively, I will provide an overview of risk-neutral pricing. The physical probability of an event occurring, such as stock prices rising, is intuitive but cannot be used to determine an asset's value, as price is not the weighted average of future outcomes. For instance, a risky stock with a 50% chance of being worth $20 tomorrow and 50% chance of being worth $10 does not have a value of $15 today, as it must earn a premium due to the risk involved. To calculate the value of an asset through physical probabilities, you must take the probability-weighted average of all its possible prices tomorrow and add in compensation for risk. \n\nInstead of using physical probabilities, finance theory proposes creating \"risk-neutral probabilities\" by adjusting the probability of good market outcomes down and increasing the probability of bad outcomes. This approach enables the pricing of all assets, such as equity, options, bonds, and savings accounts, by multiplying each outcome by its risk-neutral probability and discounting at the risk-free rate. Although these probabilities are not physical, they consistently provide the correct price for every asset without requiring a risk premium.\n\nTo calculate risk-neutral probabilities, we use prices instead of researching the likelihood of a stock rising or falling. For example, if a stock has two potential prices tomorrow, U and D, and the risk-neutral probability of U is q, then the price can be calculated using the formula [ Uq + D(1-q) ] / e^(rt), with e^(rt) representing discounting by the risk-free rate. The risk-neutral probability of the stock going up can be solved for using this equation, which is useful in pricing associated options. To determine the option's price, we use the stock's risk-neutral probability, its known values if it moves up or down, and discount it at the risk-free rate. In conclusion, using the same risk-neutral probability measure, we can price all assets by multiplying each outcome with its risk-neutral probability and discounting it at the risk-free rate."}
{"2997": "\n\nWhile I am not an expert in divorce situations, it appears that you have substantial evidence, provided you can corroborate everything you've outlined here, that your children's living conditions at their mother's home are unsuitable. Based on this evidence, you should be able to obtain sole custody of your children. You may have previously wanted to keep their mother within the equation for the children's benefit, but at this point, it is not in their best interests for her to remain in their lives. You must recognize that you are not currently in a position to assist her following the divorce, and there is no way to compel her to do anything. However, pursuing legal action to obtain sole custody of your children could allow you to establish specific requirements for her to be able to regain partial custody of them in the future. Utilizing this \"scare tactic\" may motivate her to prioritize her children's wellbeing."}
{"2998": "\n\nI'm not confident that your categorization of funds as \"direct\" and \"regular\" accurately describes the mutual fund industry. The funds themselves are not inherently \"direct\" or \"regular.\" Rather, it depends on how an investor chooses to invest in them. If you invest through your own brokerage account, it's considered a \"direct\" investment. If you hire a financial advisor to do it for you, it's considered \"regular.\" For a given fund, you have the option to invest directly or through an advisor. Additionally, many funds offer different share classes with different accessibility and fees. The institutional class, for example, may only be available through a 401(k). The premium class may require a minimum investment, and some classes have front-end or back-end loads. These share classes have different expense ratios and fees, all of which are publicly available in the fund's prospectus and other sources. It's true that funds with higher fees may earn less each year after fees, as you noted. \n\nOne important fee to be aware of is the 12b-1 fee. This fee is a commission paid to financial advisors who steer clients towards certain funds. Funds without this fee have been shown to be better in some ways than those with it. While funds and share classes with 12b-1 fees may be designed for \"regular\" investment, it's still possible to invest directly in them or to convince your advisor to recommend a no-fee fund. Ultimately, if you have a good understanding of the mutual fund industry, you may not even need a financial advisor."}
{"2999": "\n\nIf your counterparty sent funds to a correspondent account held by another bank, the recipient bank holds discretion over the usage of the funds. In the event that the wire transfer has completed, the account remains operative. If I were in your position, I would advise immediate contact with the receiving bank to clarify the issue, hopefully resulting in transfer of the funds back to your account. It is imperative to note that a wire transfer includes the recipient's name, address, and account number. In the case of an unintended recipient, any claim to the money would be void in a court of law. As such, it is important to ensure that funds are wired exclusively to the intended recipient to avoid any such issues."}
{"3000": "If you haven't received many replies to your question in four days, it's likely because the topic is too niche. The book \"McMillan on Options\" is a comprehensive guide to options, with everything you need to know. To trade options, you don't need a special account, you can simply apply through your regular broker. Selling covered calls can be a good strategy, as it offers a way to generate gains without risking your stock being called away. If you do this within an IRA, you can avoid this risk altogether. Covered calls can lower your cost and create a fixed maximum gain, and they can be set up when buying a stock or after holding it for some time. An example of this is buying 1000 shares of MU at $8700 and selling a $7.50 call (Jan 12) for $3000. Your cost then becomes $5700, but you can sell it for $7500, resulting in a 32% return if called away. Doing this is less risky than just owning one risky stock. Buying calls during the tech bubble was both the best and worst decision made by some individuals. One set of trades saw a 50x increase in value, but it eventually ended at \"only\" triple. Many people left the bubble far worse off than they started. To avoid such outcomes, it's best to set things up so that only a certain amount is risked at any given time. Learning from the experience is key."}
{"3001": "\n\nI was hoping for some discussion on the price elasticity of demand. Andrey, your question needs some revision. It's important to note that increased prices don't necessarily mean increased profitability for a company. The quantity sold also plays a significant role and is often correlated to the price at which goods are sold. (Other factors such as competitor pricing are also relevant, but let's leave them aside for now.) To calculate a firm's net profit from sales, we can use the formula (Qty x Sale Price) - COGS - SG&A - taxes - other expenses. In this equation, COGS represents the cost of goods sold, SG&A represents sales, general and administrative costs (such as inventory maintenance), and other expenses include any miscellaneous costs incurred to make the sale. If all of these factors remain constant, rising prices will only lead to higher profits if there is no equivalent drop in quantity sold. However, prices may increase in response to rising COGS, SG&A, or other expenditures - this is particularly apparent in inflationary environments. In such cases, the supplying firm risks losing its profit margin if the quantity sold drops by more than the price increase."}
{"3002": "Diversification is essential in finance as it reduces risk without affecting expected returns. So, the answer to your question is a resounding \"yes\". However, let's delve into the details your question invites. Many mutual funds are already diversified, and if you invest in one, you'll likely gain a significant portion of the benefits of diversification. Consequently, owning a diverse array of funds depends on the type of funds you already have. Target-date funds, for instance, have a built-in investment strategy and require no additional diversification. If you have funds that cover all major asset classes, there may be no need to purchase other funds. Remember that picking a \"favorite fund\" initially is often a result of cognitive biases, and acting on such biases can be harmful in the long run.\n\nYour advisor's recommendations may not necessarily be based on sound finance theory, as some conventional investment adages such as shifting investments as you age are not empirically proven. However, the concept of diversification is well-established and verified in theory and practice. A fund with a consistently high performance history is not unusual nor means it will continue to outperform in the future. It's unwise to buy a fund based solely on its historical performance, as this is a cognitive bias that may lead to loss.\n\nRegarding purchasing multiple mutual funds as part of your diversification strategy, it depends on your portfolio's composition. Diversification across asset classes is crucial and easily achieved through a single fund, but including a few funds in your portfolio is necessary. Risky bonds, international funds, emerging markets, small caps, value (or growth) funds, and sector funds are some options to consider. However, diversifying across managers within the same asset class has no significant benefit. Fundamentally, diversification is essential, and its benefits cannot be overstated."}
{"3003": "\n\nRewritten: When it comes to \"business opportunities\" advertised, it's crucial to be cautious as such offers are often fraudulent. In these situations, the seller is the one who profits. They rely on the hope that people have to run a successful business. However, actual business individuals don't obtain their trade from fliers on poles. They are already knowledgeable about every aspect of their company. They do not need to pay an exorbitant amount of money to any random person who claims to launch them. If you are considering such deals, it implies that you have the means to invest money but lack direction. While I cannot tell you how to spend your money, I can caution against investing in any ad that reads \"fantastic business opportunity.\" It's a common trap that should be avoided."}
{"3004": "\n\nRevised:\n\nWhen considering purchasing a car, there are different options to consider - buying it in full with no savings left, buying it in part (with a \u00a310000 deposit and a loan of \u00a34000), or going for PCP/HP for more of the value. The most critical factor to consider here is whether the car is worth having with little or no savings left, which is what you'll need to decide.\n\nMy personal preference is to always buy a slightly used car as I dislike taking loans and paying interests. Given the amount of money you currently have, the \"Buy-in-part\" option seems to be the best as it minimizes your interest liability. However, I would advise against it at the moment since having only \u00a34000 in savings is risky in case of unexpected expenses.\n\nRegarding interest, it depends on your budget and the total interest you're willing to pay. Ultimately, it's your money and you should decide how best to use it. You can explore good leasing deals or take a chance with the \u00a34000 savings if you're confident about your financial stability.\n\nLastly, depreciation of the car's value is hard to predict over the next 2-3 years. So, be cautious when making assumptions about the car's worth. Wishing you good luck with your decision."}
{"3005": "\n\nExplore your options with a 529 program, which offers tax-free growth when the money is used for qualified education expenses including tuition, room and board (even if living off-campus), books, and transportation. Contributions to a 529 plan are not tax-deductible, but earnings are generally not subject to federal or state tax when used for qualified education expenses. Some states offer additional tax benefits for contributions to their associated 529 plans. Contributions can be made on a regular or ad hoc basis, and accounts can be set up by other relatives. \n\n529 programs are available throughout most states, as well as some major mutual fund companies. Some plans even allow the investor to shift the risk level of investments to be more conservative as the beneficiary approaches high school. Additionally, some states offer a prepay option, in which a large sum is paid when the child is young to purchase semesters of college. This option may be worthwhile if the child will attend a state school, but may not be as beneficial for out-of-state or private universities. \n\nThe IRS limits the maximum annual contribution to a 529 plan, with any contribution exceeding the $14,000 annual gift limit eligible for ratable treatment over five years. This limit applies per beneficiary, and can be elected for multiple beneficiaries. \n\nAt the end of the education journey, excess funds in a 529 plan can be utilized for graduate school or, with payment of taxes and penalties, can be used towards other expenses such as a car.  Additionally, remaining funds can be rolled over to another relative."}
{"3006": "\n\nThere are several ways to finance your company, including borrowing money through options such as credit cards, lines of credit, loans, mortgages, and home equity lines of credit. Alternatively, you can seek investors who will provide equity in exchange for a percentage of ownership and profits. Keep in mind that the profits may not necessarily correspond to the ownership percentage, especially if the investor is passive. Additionally, voting rights may not equate to ownership percentage. It's also possible to combine equity and debt financing, but it's important to determine whether the investor will personally guarantee the company's debt. This ultimately affects their risk and desired return on investment. Crowdfunding is another potential option, where supporters or customers contribute funds in exchange for product delivery. Consulting practices also use a retainer system. Good luck with your financing endeavors!"}
{"3007": "\n\nTypically, when fixed rates are lower than variable rates, it suggests that banks anticipate a future decrease in rates. However, it is important to consider fixed rates for varying periods, such as comparing 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year fixed rates. If the 3 and 5-year fixed rates are higher than the 1-year rate, this may indicate that rates will fall in the short term but increase within a year. If the 3-year rate is also low, it could indicate a longer-term economic downturn. Banks adjust their fixed rates based on their outlook on the economy to remain competitive. Since May 2011, the standard variable rate has decreased twice (in November and December) to 7.30%. Additionally, banks have further reduced fixed rates, indicating expected future cuts in variable rates. Best regards, Victor."}
{"3008": "\n\nRevised: Convexity is related to vega, while gamma is related to delta. Negative carry, on the other hand, is associated with time decay."}
{"3009": "\n\nThe book \"A Modern Approach to Graham and Dodd Investing\" provides an answer on page 89 to the question at hand. According to this source, if a company fails to generate a consistent cash flow over time, then it is essentially worthless. Alternatively, if a company generates positive cash flow but reports zero or negative economic earnings, then its value is less than its book value and the company represents a wasting asset. The company may have enough funds to pay interim dividends, but the present value of this stream of dividends is less than the book value. A company whose stock trades below its book value is considered \"impaired,\" which may be attributable to overstated assets. Whether or not the company is at risk of bankruptcy depends on the specifics of the situation."}
{"3010": "\n\nThere are a few penalties to consider if you default on an FHA mortgage. Firstly, you will be added to the CAIVRS (pronounced \"cavers\") list, which will prevent you from securing FHA financing in the future. Additionally, when buying a multifamily unit with an FHA loan, you must occupy one of the units. \n\nLastly, I suggest avoiding FHA loans due to their high costs. Conventional options offer financing of up to 95% and do not have mortgage insurance that lasts indefinitely, as FHA loans do."}
{"3011": "\n\nAfter perusing the manual, I have learned that SP stands for summary punching. This refers to the process of automatically preparing a single total card to replace a set of detailed cards."}
{"3012": "\n\nIf the position incurs losses as soon as it is initiated, I would advise closing it out, even if it means taking a small loss. However, if it gains momentum and the stock value increases, you may consider utilizing a portion of the premium collected to purchase an out-of-the-money put option, which will limit any potential downside risks. This strategy is known as a collar."}
{"3013": "\n\nWhen considering contributing to a 529 plan, the first factor for parents to consider is whether the state government manages a plan that offers a state income tax deduction. It is essential to review annual fees for the program before deciding on the state plan. However, for many, the state program may be the best option due to state tax deduction benefits. Unfortunately, California does not offer a state tax deduction for 529 plan contributions. Therefore, if the fees are not reasonable for a family, or if investing options are better elsewhere, they can choose another state's program or even select a nationwide plan unaffiliated with a state. One such option is Scholarshare, which is managed by TIAA-CREF, a reputable company that runs many pension and 403(b) funds for state and local governments, including teacher unions. The ScholarShare Investment Board is authorized by the state of California and oversees all activities of the state's 529 college investment plan. The program allows Californians to save for college by investing in tax-advantaged investments. After-tax contributions provide tax-deferred earnings, and disbursals for tuition and qualified expenses are federal and state tax-free. The ScholarShare Plan is managed by TIAA-CREF Tuition Financing, Inc., and the Investment Board is responsible for overseeing other scholarship programs such as the Governor's Scholarship Programs and California Memorial Scholarship Program. However, it is important to note that families should ensure they review plans from other states to confirm they accept outside contributions before selecting a plan."}
{"3014": "\n\nThe best advice I ever received was to categorize my savings into three types: 1) Retirement savings, which should be put away in 401-Ks and IRAs and solely used when I am no longer able to support myself financially. These funds should not be borrowed against or withdrawn in emergency situations, or to buy a house. 2) Catastrophic savings, which should be put aside in case of severe events, such as prolonged job loss, hospitalization, extended illness, loss of home, significant loss of transportation, or very large appliance damage. This money should not be spent on unnecessary luxuries, such as vacations or diamond rings. 3) Urgent, relatively small needs savings, which should be used for bills that arise unexpectedly, unforeseen shortfalls in my budget, and unexpected repairs, such as car or small appliance repairs, fines, and fees.\n\nTo adhere to this budget plan, I should allocate 10% of my income into each of the three categories of savings. This means that 30% of my income is already allocated before dividing up the remaining 70% intro fixed and variable expenses. Fixed expenses include bills I pay monthly, such as housing, utilities, car payments, and debt repayment, while variable expenses include discretionary items, such as eating out or splurging on gifts.\n\nAn important aspect of budgeting is partnering with someone who has a different financial attitude than you. If you are a saver, partner with a spender, and vice versa. Three budgeting rules should be followed: A) do not spend any money unless it is in the budget, B) the budget only includes items to which both parties agree, and C) the budget can be modified as needed during the pay period.\n\nIt is important to note that a budget should not be used as a means to fight with your partner. Instead, it is a flexible plan that should be adjusted to new information and events as they arise. Urgent need savings can be accessed if necessary. Lastly, it is essential to remember that budgeting should take into account all aspects of life, not just the present needs, but also future needs, such as children's birthdays, school fees, house maintenance, gifts to relatives, and unexpected events."}
{"3015": "\n\nOur company has extensive experience conducting research in the self-directed IRA industry and providing financial advice in this area. We understand that custodian fees can be a concern for many investors, however, it's important to note that not all custodians are expensive. It's crucial to do your research to find the best one for your needs. To assist you in your search, we have compiled a list of custodians to consider.\n\nHere are some of the benefits and drawbacks that we commonly observe in this industry. Self-directed IRAs offer the flexibility to invest in a wide range of assets that traditional securities do not cover, such as private company stock, tax liens, and even horses. Additionally, investors have greater control over their investments, as they can decide how assets like rental properties should operate. Lastly, self-directed IRAs enable you to invest in assets that you're familiar with, and that resonate with your expertise and interests.\n\nOn the other hand, some challenges come with self-directed IRAs. Illiquid investments can create problems if you need to access your capital through withdrawals. Additionally, prohibited transactions are more prevalent in this industry, which could be unfamiliar to investors not well-versed in these areas. Further, custodian and administrator fees associated with self-directed IRAs are often higher compared to traditional IRA fees. Lastly, fraudulent sponsors often target self-directed IRA owners, making it crucial to exercise caution when investing in these schemes.\n\nSelf-directed IRAs may not be the right choice for everyone, but they can help investors to focus on areas where they possess in-depth knowledge and experience. It's important to undertake thorough research before making any investment decisions."}
{"3016": "\n\nRevised: Prior to proceeding with any further financial decisions, it is advisable to consult with a licensed tax advisor who specializes in your state (EA/CPA licensed in your State). Despite the fact that you have already begun, it is recommended that you have a proper consultation first hand. With regards to startup costs, you can typically claim up to $5000 in tax deductions in the first year of your business, while expenses exceeding that amount will be amortized over a span of 15 years, consistent with IRC Sec. 195. Keep in mind that amortization initiates when your business becomes active, which indicates that although you may purchase the property, you are unable to begin depreciating it until you open the restaurant. With regards to accounting, it is imperative to distinguish between start-up/organizational expenses; and capital asset purchases, as they should be capitalized differently. For example, purchasing commercial ovens, tables and silverware all categorize a capital asset purchase, which ought to be depreciated separately. Conversely, any salaries disbursed to employees are treated as a current expense and should not be capitalized. Lastly, it is worth noting that our company operates as an LLC, which can have implications on personal tax returns."}
{"3017": "\n\nIt is important to review the original mortgage papers you signed with the originators to determine if you agreed to allow the mortgage to be sold and serviced by other parties, as this is typically the case. Refinancing may also result in the same stipulation unless you negotiate to remove it from the mortgage or refinance papers. Small banks and originators usually cannot maintain mortgages on their books, and there are third-party loan servicers who do not own the mortgages. While there may have been 127/139 complaints out of 1,100,000 loans, most likely, individuals were underwater on their mortgage. However, some concerns may be legitimate, and banks can make errors. Good luck searching and please inform me if any new information arises."}
{"3018": "\n\nRevised: Shorting stocks over $5 is a safer option compared to stocks under $5. To identify a stock's drop, I rely on three indicators. Timing is crucial because the first drop is usually the largest. Therefore, getting in early at the top reduces the risk. I solely use 1D charts for the following indicators: \n\n- MACD Indicator: I watch the histogram, and once it reaches its peak, and the next day it goes down by one \"step,\" I know the stock has topped out. It is better to enter the market earlier than waiting for the MACD lines to cross. Timing is indeed the key.\n\n- RSI(15): I wait for the index to top out and go above 67, indicating that the stock is overbought. However, buying is not recommended if the RSI is high above 70. Keep in mind that stocks can still go on a run-up even when the RSI is over 70!\n\n- Stoch RSI or CCI: I use these indicators to confirm RSI's status, and I look for agreement among all three indicators. When all three agree, there is a 75% chance that the stock will drop. However, patience is required because it may take a day or two for the stock to drop."}
{"3019": "\n\nIs my concern unfounded? Absolutely not. It's wise to feel apprehensive about the situation. If I were to sell my stocks in the morning, I would only incur a small loss and gain a valuable lesson. Could it be that straightforward, though? It's plausible that another individual in a similar predicament may purchase my stocks, only to regret it tomorrow. However, if I'm not fortunate, I may be incapable of selling my stocks altogether. Alternatively, my broker may buy them off of me at a low value. It's possible that I may have fallen prey to a \"pump and dump\" scam, which is tough to detect in real-time. I've learned this lesson the hard way, losing a smaller amount of money than you are currently, but now I steer clear of \"penny\" stocks that soar without a clearly verifiable reason. In reality, I avoid such stocks altogether."}
{"3020": "\n\nThere is no fixed or official price for a product or service. The price is determined solely by the mutual agreement between the buyer and the seller at a given moment. Typically, the price will be influenced by recent market trends, but this is not a guarantee of future prices. Market statistics only reflect past performance, and there is no active management of prices or guarantees. It's important to note that prices may vary significantly from previous sales, particularly when real-world events have occurred since the last market closing. As such, the buyer and seller may not necessarily agree on the price negotiated by previous pairs."}
{"3021": "\n\nAfter selling something, you'll have received cash (or a record of cash on your brokerage statement), which should be entered as a credit in your GnuCash brokerage account. The corresponding entry should be made in a separate account called \"Open Positions,\" designated as a Liability account (if required). If you wish to maintain an up-to-date tally of your net worth, you can create a new entry in your Open Positions account and offset it against Income, indicating whether the position has moved in your favour or against you. Alternatively, you may choose to only record the entry when the position closes out- when you purchase it back, or it expires or is exercised. My preferred method is to create a single entry in the Open Positions account with an arbitrary date close to the expected closure date- and then edit this value on a daily or weekly basis. This reduces clutter and confusion by limiting the number of entries to two, initial and current."}
{"3022": "\n\nUpon closer inspection, it seems that Google Finance utilizes the most recent 10-k statement, dated 10/30/2013, while relying on the outstanding shares as of the last 10-Q statement. By utilizing these figures, one can arrive at an EPS of $6.18, derived from $37,037M divided by 5.989B shares. It is noteworthy that this allows one to manually calculate a more current EPS value, which many investors may not be aware of."}
{"3023": "\n\nBoth you and the Company have probably benefited from this decision. Specifically, if you were issued an option grant that was not valued at fair market value (FRV) or higher, you would have been required to recognize the option as income, regardless of whether you exercised it or not. Furthermore, as an employee recipient, you could have been subjected to a plethora of other 409A tax-related issues and penalties. I understand your apprehension about the shift in compensation, but this is one where Corporate America likely saved you from a potentially unfavorable situation."}
{"3024": "\n\nThis website allows users to make deposits of gold into their account. The set-up process is necessary before you can start paying others with gold online. However, I have not personally used this service nor know anyone who has, therefore I am unable to provide feedback on its performance."}
{"3025": "\n\nIn general, people tend to discuss the prime lending rate in financial conversations. The prime lending rate has been defined by some as the rate at which banks charge each other when borrowing money overnight. However, it is often used to refer to the rate at which banks lend money to their most creditworthy customers, although this definition is not always strictly followed. Both definitions essentially suggest that the prime rate reflects the lowest rate at which someone can currently borrow money. Many types of lending rates are based on the prime rate, including variable rate loans, which might have an interest rate of (Prime + x). \n\nThe prime rate is, in turn, based on the Federal Funds Rate, which the Federal Reserve Board sets manually. When news breaks about the Fed raising or lowering interest rates by a quarter of a point or similar amounts, it is essentially referring to the Federal Funds Rate. Lending institutions typically adjust their lending rates accordingly. To sum up, when people talk about \"high,\" \"low,\" or \"rising\" interest rates, they are generally referring to the prime lending rate conceptually. When people discuss the Fed raising or lowering interest rates in the U.S., they are specifically referring to the Federal Funds Rate, which has an impact on other lending rates."}
{"3026": "\n\nDo you anticipate your 403b to yield a higher return than your mortgage interest rate? If the answer is yes, then opting for a mortgage could be the right choice. However, conservative investment strategies may not generate significantly more returns compared to a 3-4% mortgage. In case you are paying 5-6%, you are more likely to earn less than the mortgage.\n\nOn the other hand, considering a security standpoint, taking a loan seems like a safer option. Investing one-third of your retirement savings into one purchase is a more considerable risk. On the other hand, a 10-15 year loan provides more flexibility. Additionally, if you do not outlive the mortgage, you would have used more of your retirement income than you would have without the loan. But, if you have to pay a significant medical bill, it might force you to liquidate your 403b. Hence, paying off the mortgage in advance might have some upsides.\n\nFurthermore, as @chili555 mentions in the comments, you should evaluate the taxation of your 403(b) income. If you withdraw the amount in one lump sum, some of it can be taxed at a higher rate than a gradual withdrawal over time. This rate difference can easily outweigh any difference in interest rates. It is essential to consider this if your 403(b) account is not a Roth. If it is Roth, then the tax factor shouldn't matter."}
{"3027": "\n\nAlthough they don't technically earn income, holding shares of stock enables individuals to receive monetary returns. By increasing the amount of company ownership among the public, shareholders are able to secure financial compensation. A Warrant is a financial tool that permits the bearer to purchase company stock at a set price directly from the business. This mechanism operates in a similar manner to an open-market call option, with the primary distinction being that instead of buying shares from a third party with no impact on the company, Warrant holders acquire shares from the business, boosting the number of outstanding shares and providing revenue directly to the company. In the case that Warrant holders opt not to act on their right to purchase shares, the company will not receive any additional funds and no new shares will be issued."}
{"3028": "\n\nRevised: To avoid using your actual credit card number, it is recommended to use virtual card numbers. Some banks, such as Bank of America, offer virtual cards that function the same as services like Apple Pay. With Bank of America's virtual cards, the merchant never sees your real card number as the virtual card number is different. You can even set a maximum amount and expiration date for added security measures. Once a merchant charges on the virtual card, only that specific merchant can make future charges on the same virtual card. It is impossible to obtain your real card number from the virtual card number, greatly reducing the risk of theft. However, other banks may offer virtual cards with fewer features. The only downside is having to access the bank's website before making a purchase from a new merchant. Overall, using virtual card numbers protects your real credit card information from being stolen over the internet."}
{"3029": "\n\nAs far as I remember, ISOs' gains are treated as ordinary income, and capital losses can only offset up to $3000 of it every year. If you purchased and held the stock, you'll be liable for ordinary income tax on the purchase price and capital gains tax on anything above that if you hold the stock for two years. Note that this answer is relevant only for those in the USA who came across this query and not the original poster who is in Canada or at least asked a question in the context of the Canadian tax code."}
{"3030": "\n\nIt appears that the acquisition of your company was a \"stock for stock\" transaction. Instead of receiving cash, your company was acquired through the exchange of Company X's stock. The board of directors of your company approved the deal, which resulted in the dissolution of your company and cancellation of your stock. However, the acquirer will compensate you with an equivalent amount of stock in Company X. You do not need to worry about taxes as this is a \"non-cash\" transaction, requiring only accounting procedures. It is essential to note that your cost basis in the stock of Company X will be the price paid for your original company's stock, disregarding the merger's value on the day of the transaction, which could be higher or lower."}
{"3031": "\n\nThe sentence contains mathematical errors and lacks clarity in its wording. To determine the percentage decrease, one should calculate it accurately. In terms of clarity, the author should have used \"The stock has decreased by 25%\" instead of \"down by -25%\"."}
{"3032": "\n\n\"Don't spend too much time analyzing your choices. The most important thing is to start now and continually adjust and tune your portfolio as you progress through life. Everyone's situation is unique, so begin with a simple and straightforward approach. Consider investing 100 minus your age in a total stock market index fund, and the remainder in a total bond market index fund. In your 401k, contribute at least enough to receive the maximum employer match. If possible, aim to contribute the yearly maximum to your 401k or IRA. Once you have accumulated a substantial amount of assets (around $50k), you can start considering asset allocation and investing in more specific areas as needed. Remember to keep investment expenses to a minimum by using index funds and consider the tax implications of your choices, such as choosing an REIT fund for a tax-advantaged account like a 401k, rather than a normal brokerage account.\""}
{"3033": "\n\nTo get the most accurate answer, visit the website of the ETF or mutual fund, where you can find the expense ratio listed on the front page's \"Important Information\" section, as well as in the downloadable Prospectus PDF. However, if you prefer not to visit the fund website, query sites like VFINX allow you to search for and find the expense ratio for the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund. Have you also considered MorningStar for this information?"}
{"3034": "\n\nTo avoid finance charges, it is not advised to wait until the due date to make payments. However, if you pay the entire balance as stated on the statement by the due date listed, you will not be charged any finance fees. Keep in mind, this only applies to regular purchases that come with a grace period."}
{"3035": "\n\nBy observing the price pattern and the size of trades, you can make a reasonably accurate estimate. If the price remains within a range, and there are relatively large orders executed quickly, you can predict with some confidence how the market will behave."}
{"3036": "\n\nWhat is the value and administration of the scholarship? If it is self-administered, then the financial return driving it must be considered. However, if it is administered by the university, they may adjust the tuition, making it more interesting.\n\nIf the scholarship is administered and backstopped by the university, it is important to note that, although it may have a name and $30000 in its endowment account, the university is likely to cut some students' tuition through financial aid packages. Therefore, in the past, they may have substituted a generic tuition adjustment with a scholarship, such as the \"John Doe Memorial Scholarship,\" and will continue to do so in the future, as long as they are not constrained by pricing laws and financial aid customs.\n\nThe finance answer aside, universities have the ability to create indefinite \"coupons\" in the form of scholarships, much like Proctor and Gamble launching a new Tide flavor at a high price and providing coupons to maintain their market position. Additionally, universities may find it beneficial to create a ceremony commemorating a valued, deceased professor, and may collect funds from other professors or staff to partially pay for it at a financial price, or even at a slight loss."}
{"3037": "\n\nTo maintain positive relationships, charging a nominal rate of interest and agreeing on a repayment timeline could be an effective approach. This can apply especially to business loans, house or car purchases as it can make borrowers feel better about borrowing. However, if the borrower faces a financial crisis and is unable to create a clear repayment plan, it may be best to clarify that the amount is a gift. It is crucial to avoid any potential issues in the future, which depends on the individual relationship and the seriousness of the loan. Transparency and honesty are essential, taking time to ensure both parties fully understand their expectations."}
{"3038": "\n\nIf you have paid by credit card and have a dispute, you should promptly file a dispute with your credit card company. This way, while the company investigates the issue, you will be credited the amount immediately. The burden of proof will then be on the merchant. To ensure that you have all necessary documentation, keep records of relevant documents such as the USPS receipt, proof of delivery, and copies of all correspondence. Be mindful of the time limits and file the credit card chargeback promptly. More information is available from the Federal Trade Commission."}
{"3039": "\n\nRevised: I believe that the bank's decision goes beyond just the purpose of the loan, as it also takes into consideration the demographic of the borrowers who are often viewed as a poor credit risk. Students pursuing post-secondary education typically have low income, limited credit history, and little experience managing finances on their own. Additionally, many lack practical job experience which can negatively impact their financial decisions. Statistics related to student loans show that this demographic tends to make poor money decisions. For instance, a significant percentage of students living near my state university drive expensive cars, dine out frequently and wear expensive clothing while graduating with an average of 60K in student loans. It's worth noting that a four-year degree could be obtained for around 30K if one works a part-time job. This is where the wisdom of the bank's decision shines because while they could lend as much money as desired with a government guarantee, they also understand that once the guarantee expires, loans for unnecessary purposes will no longer be approved."}
{"3040": "\n\nI'm assuming that you have Verizon and your wife has an iPhone. I recently found myself in a similar situation with my mom's phone. If you're not on contract with Verizon, you can save $25/month on your plan, which is a big deal. If you choose the monthly payment option, you'll be paying the full retail price over two years without interest, but at least you'll stay off contract. If you have a 16GB iPhone 5 or newer, you should be able to sell it on Craigslist for the deductible amount, which is a no-brainer to me. Once you receive the insurance replacement, you can sell the old phone when you're ready to upgrade. Since you can sell the phone, I think that the decision of paying off the $100 and starting payments on the new phone is not as important as comparing the value of the phone and the deductible."}
{"3041": "\n\nThe question regarding living in Florida while working remotely for a NY employer who withholds NYS taxes has arisen again. The previous answers were deemed insufficient by the poster on the updated version, prompting me to provide a new answer. If the arrangement is for the convenience of the employee, NYS taxes this income. However, if the arrangement is necessary to complete the work, no NYS tax applies. When the arrangement is for convenience, New York state taxes all New York-source salary and wage income of nonresident employees. This information is sourced from Laws of New York, \u00a7 601(e), 20 NYCRR 132.18, which can also be found in this article: http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2009/jun/20091371.html. Furthermore, TSB-M-06(5)I is the NYS tax document governing this situation. Although the page mentioned in the previous answer by @littleadv may initially suggest a different answer, the ruling in the tax memo indicates that if the employee is out of state only for convenience, the services were performed in NYS for NYS tax purposes. The memo states that any allowance claimed for days worked outside New York State must be based on the performance of services, which of necessity obligate the employee to out-of-state duties in the service of their employer."}
{"3042": "\n\nBobbyScon's response provides a good overview, but may not be specific enough. The first reason in the quote is the primary advantage: you can receive an immediate tax deduction, while still being able to give at a later time. By having a personal foundation or Donor Advised Fund, you can make donations when it makes sense for your personal finances and delay charitable gifts until a more convenient time. For example, if you fund the foundation on Dec. 31, you can take the money out of your taxable income for the previous tax year, and then have the flexibility to give whenever you choose. Many wealthy individuals prefer the Donor Advised Fund because it is easy to set up and has only one recipient for tax purposes. This simplifies the donation process and makes tax season less complicated."}
{"3043": "\n\nYou mentioned having multiple credit cards with varying balances, some with no balance, and others with high balances. I would recommend not closing the credit cards with zero balance if they have a lower APR. Instead, you can transfer balances to those cards with a lower APR. However, if those 0 balance cards do not have a lower APR, closing them could reduce your overall credit line, potentially damaging your credit rating. Nevertheless, this effect is only temporary if you continue to make timely payments. Remember, paying off your balance reduces your utilization rate, which increases your credit rating. It's important to pay off low balance accounts first before opening new credit accounts. This is because a larger number of accounts with amounts owed could indicate a higher risk of over-extension, leading to financial trouble."}
{"3044": "\n\nIf you are not physically present in the US, not a US citizen, don't have a green card, and don't have a registered US business, then US laws don't apply to you, and you're not under US jurisdiction. Effectively connected income is income from a business connected to the US, and as you're not in the US, your income isn't connected to a US business. According to the source, you are considered engaged in a US trade or business if you perform personal services in the US. Regarding forming an LLC or C corp, if you establish a legal entity in the US, it becomes subject to US laws, and if you're physically present in the US, ECI may become an issue, and you may also be considered a resident based on the duration of your stay."}
{"3045": "\n\nBonds are valued based on the time value of money, a fundamental concept in finance. Essentially, $100 one year from now is not equivalent to $100 today, as $100 today can be used to generate more money, whereas $100 in a year will be worth less due to inflation. Therefore, the future value of an investment made today at a given rate is calculated using FV = PV(1+r)t. \n\nZero-coupon bonds are sold for less than their face value, with the difference being the cost to borrow cash or interest. These bonds pay only face value at maturity, making them a simple bond option but costly due to tying up money until maturity. Coupon bonds, on the other hand, have a coupon rate (percentage of the face value of the bond) that is paid periodically, usually annually. The calculation for coupon bonds is straightforward, making them a more common bond option. \n\nThe income yield % is a simple measure of yield, calculated as R/P * V. However, it is crude and inaccurate as it does not consider the payment of coupons over time or maturity. The simple APY is the yield realized from all cash flows of the bond as if all matures at maturity, making it useful for comparing bond yield to other compound-interest-bearing accounts or for comparing zero-coupon bonds to coupon bonds. \n\nThe Yield to Maturity is the true yield percentage of the bond, accounting for all coupon payments made on time and reinvested at a similar yield over time. It is calculated using the simple APY while considering when coupon payments will be made and their present value. It can be calculated through the goal seek method in a computer. \n\nIn summary, bonds are valued based on the time value of money, with coupon bonds being a more common option due to their straightforward calculation. Yield measures such as income yield % and simple APY are useful for comparison purposes, but Yield to Maturity is the true measure of yield for a bond over its life."}
{"3046": "\n\nGiven the significant sums of money involved, I recommend hiring an accountant to assist in setting up this plan. To fully maximize the 401k, a minimum compensation of $53,000 would be required. It's important to note that the total contribution limit for 2015 and 2016 is the lesser of 100% of the participant's compensation or $53,000 ($59,000 with catch-up contributions) and contributions are not counted as compensation. It's worth noting that any contributions made by your employer to a qualified retirement plan are not included in your income at the time of contribution and are not subject to FICA withholdings, which is a positive aspect of this plan. Your employer can confirm whether your retirement plan is qualified."}
{"3047": "\n\nInvesting in individual companies within a \"hot\" sector often makes more sense than investing in secular funds, which come with their own difficult-to-measure risks. First Solar is a premier player in the photovoltaic industry, but investing in a fund can provide a false sense of diversification. For example, buying a mutual fund in the computer space in 2000 would have given you multiple pieces of technology companies like HP, Dell, Apple, IBM, EMC, Cisco, Intel, and many more, but their collective performance wasn't the same as the sector's. In my opinion, investing in \"pure play\" renewable energy stocks may not be the best strategy anymore. Instead, consider undervalued companies that have exposure to renewables but haven't been hyped up or included in sector mutual funds. However, the industry is reliant on government subsidies, and the current state of government budgets makes it a risky play. Proceed with caution."}
{"3048": "\n\n\"If you reside in the UK, there is a complimentary service available to trace misplaced bank accounts. In case you are located in another nation, you can search on Google to verify if that nation provides a comparable service.\""}
{"3049": "\n\nRevised: Leasing a vehicle typically results in a less advantageous deal for two reasons. Firstly, leases involve the concept of returning the car at the end of the lease term which coincides with the highest depreciation rate in the first year or two. Continuously leasing cars on a short-term basis means you will own the vehicles during their most expensive years. While it is possible to buy through cash or loan and do the same, leasing sets a schedule that encourages adherence. Secondly, it is generally easier for dealers to conceal aspects of the contract from consumers when leasing. Salespeople often direct car purchasers to focus on the monthly payment or \"four-box\" the purchaser. However, the numbers involved in leases can be renamed and made unclear. For instance, \"capitalized cost\" represents \"price,\" \"money factor\" is the new term for \"interest rate,\" and \"capitalized cost reduction\" substitutes \"down payment.\" A new concept known as the \"residual value\" also enters the picture. These factors hold true regardless of whether or not the interest rates are lower."}
{"3050": "\n\nSimply ask the associate to endorse the back of the cheque and then deposit it. This type of deposit is known as a third party cheque and is legal. However, keep in mind that there may be a longer hold period and the funds will not be available if the cheque bounces. If the amount is substantial, or you are not well-known at the bank, there may be some difficulties. To address this, the associate can visit the bank and endorse the cheque in the presence of a teller, providing some form of identification. It is not necessary for you to be there in person; anyone with your account number can deposit money into your account. Alternatively, he could deposit the cheque into his account and write a cheque to the business."}
{"3051": "\n\nSecondMarket strives to enhance liquidity for privately-held companies. Though you could potentially discover a buyer through this platform, it remains highly illiquid because of regulations that limit businesses from serving the majority of society. Accredited investor requirements restrict participation to only about 1% of the US population."}
{"3052": "\n\nRevised: If you need to access funds from your 401k without incurring penalties from the IRS, borrowing against it for a period of 5 years is an option. It's essential to ensure you repay the borrowed sum within that time frame to avoid any negative consequences. If you're a solo entrepreneur running an unincorporated business, you may be eligible to administer a solo 401k plan. This plan allows you to incorporate cash flow from various sources while potentially rolling over any other plans you have into this new one. For more information, refer to http://www.irs.gov/publications/p560/ch04.html#en_US_publink10009053."}
{"3053": "\n\nRevised: In case the company filed for bankruptcy, the outstanding public shares were possibly rendered void, resulting in a definite loss of your shares. Although the company may have issued new stocks under a different symbol after the bankruptcy, it does not hold much value for you, even if it remains largely the same. Regrettably, this is one of the risks investors face."}
{"3054": "\n\nTo ensure success, make sure to carefully review the terms and conditions. It's important to note that missing a payment for any reason will result in defaulting on the promotional financing and may lead to owing all of the accrued interest, which can be as high as 20-25% annually. Personally, I take advantage of these offers frequently for items such as wood, tools, etc., which typically don't require warranty repairs. I make sure to pay off the balance using maturing CDs. However, for larger purchases such as TVs or computers, I use my AMEX card to receive a free year of additional warranty service and points."}
{"3055": "\n\nAt its core, every market has buyers and sellers who make decisions about trading based on their perceived likelihood of future events. However, this process can be complicated, as seen in the example of a company's upcoming earnings announcement. Agents may make predictions about the company's future growth prospects, leading to diverse buying and selling behaviors. Market factors, such as sector performance and interest rates, also influence pricing. It can be difficult to assess how markets incorporate information about events; for example, higher interest rates may lead lenders to tighten credit or investors to sell bonds to lock in profits. These economic changes may also impact business profitability and stock market behavior. Low interest rates have been credited with driving a bubble in the stock market, while positive economic news can lead to declines if investors believe it may end low interest rates. Overall, market dynamics involve complex interactions between agents and across multiple markets."}
{"3056": "\n\nWhy would you even consider accepting $75,000 in cash? It's highly likely that this transaction will raise red flags and trigger an audit. Depositing such a large amount of cash will appear suspicious and could be mistaken for money laundering. It's crucial that you have a documented record of how you acquired this money to avoid any potential legal consequences. Not having a paper trail could severely impact your future, so it's best to be prepared before accepting any large sums of cash."}
{"3057": "\n\nRevised: I want to supplement Daniel Anderson's excellent response by suggesting that you can get a glimpse of the bid and ask spreads by visiting the OTC market page. Please note that I am not endorsing Over The Counter trading, as some of these stocks can be risky. Nonetheless, visiting this link (http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ACBFF/quote) can be instructive as you can observe market makers offering to buy or sell blocks of stock at various prices."}
{"3058": "\n\nThe impact of your mortgage and car loan on your credit has been significant in several areas. The mortgage has had the following impacts, while the car loan, which was taken out shortly after the house purchase, has had the following effects. Although you haven't provided details of your payment history, as you had a credit score of 800 prior to purchasing the house, it's safe to assume that your payment history is current and you haven't missed any payments. There is no mention of your credit utilization, but keeping it low is advisable, with experts suggesting 10%, 20%, and 30% as suitable thresholds. As the down payment on your house likely depleted your available funds and replacing the car may have caused additional financial strain, there may have been other expenses associated with the house purchase that could have increased your utilization percentage.\n\nIt's a good idea to lower your utilization ratio on your revolving accounts and pay off your car balance since you have multiple credit lines. Your Chase card has a good age, which is beneficial in terms of the age of credit, and although some experts suggest having only 2-4 credit cards, having accounts with age on them is usually a good strategy. The number of accounts you have shouldn't be an issue unless you have a high utilization rate or you miss payments. You haven't mentioned if your Chase card has any fees or expenses, so it would be advisable to check and then negotiate with Chase to reduce or waive any fees or cancel the card if necessary.\n\nLastly, it's wise to check your credit report for any errors which may impact your overall score. You can do so by obtaining a free report from each of the three bureaus annually."}
{"3059": "\n\nI find it difficult to justify depreciating the expense of an organizer over a period of time longer than a year. Moreover, once the organizer has been written in, its value diminishes greatly for anyone else. If you wish to pursue this further, I suggest speaking with your accountant. However, I fail to see how a luxury organizer could be considered a fixed asset."}
{"3060": "\n\nThe IRS publication specifies a 3-6 year time frame for tax records, with no time limit for fraud. However, I received a notice regarding a settlement regarding stocks that I owned a decade ago, which could potentially result in a refund if I can provide the necessary purchase and sale records. Additionally, reviewing my Social Security statement, I noticed that my 1995 income showed zero. Fortunately, by retrieving my returns and brokerage statements dating back to these periods, I was able to easily resolve both matters. Going forward, I have begun downloading and storing my brokerage statements as PDFs, keeping a copy off-site. While I don't feel as urgently concerned with my bank statements, I have learned the value of maintaining accurate financial records in case an issue arises."}
{"3061": "\n\nRevised: Investors driven by news tend to have a short-term focus on their investments. They frequently utilize index futures, such as those for the S&P 500 index, for trading purposes."}
{"3062": "\n\nComplexity made some valid points, but it's necessary to highlight the downsides as well. Removing a tenant is not as simple as it seems. Even if you conduct a thorough background check, tenants can still cause unexpected problems that you may have to deal with on your own. If this type of situation concerns you, it's worth thinking twice about becoming a landlord."}
{"3063": "\n\nRevised: The age-old saying suggests that the grass is always greener on the other side of the hill. While taxes play a small part in your overall expenses, setting up a company in a tax haven may seem like a feasible option. However, this comes with the choice of relocating, with the added expenses of frequent travel. Moreover, even if you are willing to relocate, lower taxes may not always result in financial gains. Recently, my friend from the US and I had a discussion on how petrol is much cheaper there than in Europe. While these disparities exist, taking everything into account, the cost of living remains similar. It might benefit larger corporations to consider a tax-friendly location, but for us mere mortals, settling in an ideal location matters most."}
{"3064": "\n\nPlease log in to your Kotak Securities demat account to access your statement of purchase, sale, and dividends received."}
{"3065": "\n\nOn their website, Vanguard, the company managing the fund, provides information on the general breakdown of their investments. As of July 31st, 2016, their fund has 8.7% invested in emerging markets. They offer a list of the over 7,000 companies in which they have purchased stocks. However, it is important to note that actual investments and percentages may fluctuate daily. Vanguard may also publish a detailed list of the securities held in their funds on their webpage, typically 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter. However, certain funds may have longer or shorter disclosure timelines, and Vanguard reserves the right to exclude any portion of these holdings from publication if deemed in the best interest of the fund, with the exception of Vanguard Money Market Funds, which are required to disclose within five business days after the last business day of the preceding month."}
{"3066": "\n\nInterestingly, in the United States, there are significant cost and tax savings associated with a static buy-and-hold portfolio versus investing in a fund. Several brokerages, such as FolioFN, have emerged to make managing multiple small holdings via fractional shares and commission-free trades more accessible to small investors. A static portfolio can be purchased for only a few dollars per trade, while investing in a fund entails various annual and one-time fees that can add up to as much as 1-2% of the investment. These fees can be substantial, particularly if they recur annually.\n\nMutual funds in the US must provide each investor with a 1099 tax form that details the investor's share of dividends and capital gains for the year. This can be problematic if you buy into a fund late in the year that has experienced capital gains, as you may end up with a tax bill for gains you did not make. Investors in funds may not realize that they are taxed on both their own holding period of the fund's shares and the fund's capital gains distributions incurred while the fund held its investments. Morningstar tracks this as Potential Capital Gains Exposure so investors can check before investing. Funds that have unsold losers in their portfolio are also affected by these same rules, resulting in what some call \"free riders\" \u2013 funds that can sell losers simultaneously with winners to remain tax neutral.\n\nIn contrast, buying and holding a portfolio incurs no capital gains taxes until the stocks in the portfolio are sold at a profit. Funds are often actively managed, meaning that experts alter the portfolio from time to time or advise the fund on specific investments. However, it's important to note that even these experts are required to inform investors that past performance is not indicative of future results."}
{"3067": "\n\nI wouldn't settle for a mere 10% investment return, and I certainly wouldn't suggest a Roth account as the ultimate retirement strategy. My advice is to avoid retirement altogether, and instead, use your spare time to develop a passion project or side business that aligns with your interests and aspirations. Don't accept mediocrity; strive for fulfillment and purpose beyond typical retirement clich\u00e9s."}
{"3068": "\n\nThe interest rate you're suggesting to pay your MIL is comparably low, even when considering extremely conservative investment options that yield 7% or more with minimal risks. Though you assert that there are no risks involved, what would happen if you were to lose your job? The risk your MIL takes on is akin to what a bank would face when lending money, primarily influenced by your credit score. However, unlike banks, she does not have an extensive portfolio of investments to mitigate risks. Large loans within a family dynamic often lead to disaster. Risking your wife's relationship with her mother over a small difference in interest rates is unwise. Additionally, are these loans private or federal student loans? Federal student loans are safer to carry as they have income-based repayment plans and loan forgiveness after 25 years. Have you explored the possibility of utilizing these repayment options?"}
{"3069": "\n\nThe notion of a \"183 days\" rule is unfounded. As a US citizen, you are obligated to pay taxes on all of your earnings, regardless of your place of residence."}
{"3070": "\n\nIs it worth legitimizing his business at this point or is it too late? To be frank, the question is whether we advise him to stop breaking the law. The answer is a clear yes \u2013 he should declare his income, and it would benefit both him and his employer or client to comply with the law. Filing a tax return for 2016 will undoubtedly assist his cause with a lender, and once he is able to provide current pay stubs or invoices, he can proceed with the mortgage application based on his additional income."}
{"3071": "\n\nVanguard has distinguished itself by being a leader in reducing management fees for its mutual funds in the US. While other American mutual fund companies have also lowered their expense ratios in recent years due to growing investor consideration for this performance parameter, a significant number of US funds remain unchanged and still have an expense ratio of 1% or even higher. This is exemplified by American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund (DWGAX), which charges an expense ratio of 1.39%. Their 2060 Retirement Fund (AANTX) also charges 1.12%, and both funds additionally impose a sales charge of 5.75%. Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund charges 1.91% for their Class C shares, among others. These high-cost funds, in some cases paired with sales charges, are offered as options in too many 401(k) plans, especially those of small companies. Small firms lack negotiating power due to a lack of economies of scale, which is why they often end up with costlier 401(k) plan administrators and custodians."}
{"3072": "\n\nIf a large portion of your savings constitutes the entire car payment, it would be wise to consider financing a portion of the car's cost to ensure that you have adequate liquidity. What percentage of your savings goes toward the car payment?"}
{"3073": "\n\nThe interest rate of 13% is high, and the balloon payment will result in paying more interest for a longer period. Investing the saved amount is also risky since the return on investment cannot be predicted accurately. Thus, is it wise to take a risk for a mere 2% gain? It is not appropriate for me to decide; you must assess it for yourself. Additionally, in case you default on the loan or receive negative marks on your credit report, what would be the impact? Quantifying it in monetary terms would answer this question."}
{"3074": "\n\nAlthough it may seem counterintuitive to pay more than one dollar to receive just one dollar back, the value of a good company lies in its recurring earnings each year. When you purchase a share, you are not just buying the earnings of that year but investing in a future stream of earnings that may even increase over time, as long as the company remains strong. As a shareholder, you have a claim on a percentage of the company's future, and the more certain and promising its outlook, the higher investors are willing to pay per dollar of recurring earnings. The P/E ratio reflects the number of years it may take for your investment to pay off, assuming earnings stay the same. However, if earnings are expected to grow, the P/E ratio may be higher than average. It's important to keep in mind that while you do not receive the company's earnings directly, some companies do pay out a portion as dividends, which can provide additional income each year."}
{"3075": "\n\nAlthough Yahoo's webpage states that the \"Close price is adjusted for dividends and splits,\" it appears that the \"Adj Close\" data is only adjusted for splits, not for dividends. This can be observed empirically by considering the example of Siemens between Jan 27, 2017 and Mar 15, 2017. The \"Adj Close\" is adjusted for splits by dividing the \"Close\" price by the cumulative product of all splits that occurred after that day. However, the \"Adj Close\" does not adjust for dividends, as we can see from the fact that despite Siemens distributing dividends on Jan 30 and Feb 02, the \"Adj Close\" values do not change compared to the \"Close\" prices. It is worth noting that in theory, the market does adjust prices post-dividend, which is reflected in the raw closing price. Therefore, it could be argued that the \"Adj Close\" is also adjusted for dividends in this way, even though there is no specific formula for it."}
{"3076": "\n\nTo me, this appears to be a favorable arrangement. It results in a lower overall interest payment throughout the duration of the loan. My suggestion would be to allocate the saved amount, by subtracting the new payments from the old, into a savings account every month. Once the savings account balance surpasses the remaining loan balance, the loan can be paid off entirely."}
{"3077": "\n\nConsider talking to a mortgage broker, even if you ultimately decide not to work with them. One type of broker to look for is an upfront mortgage broker, who openly and transparently discloses their fees. It's important to be cautious because not all brokers do this. However, consultations with brokers should be free. With their expertise, they can guide you through the advantages and disadvantages that others have mentioned. Personally, I would only consider doing business with a broker who can provide a rate sheet on the day of a lock. This is my personal acid test. You may be pleasantly surprised by what a broker has to offer in relation to your specific situation. That was my experience."}
{"3078": "\n\nTo enable payments, it is necessary to set up a payment gateway. For a business venture, it's advisable to form a company to collect funds. These funds would then qualify as website income and would be subject to taxation. However, it's possible to deduct expenses incurred in the operation of the website. If the website is intended to be run as a charity, it's essential to register as one. It's also important to ensure that the cause is officially deemed charitable by the tax authorities to enjoy tax-free donations."}
{"3079": "\n\nThe straightforward response is that 'think' refers to the culmination of your calculations, intuition, and analysis."}
{"3080": "\n\nRevised: Charitable contributions made by your children cannot be deducted on your tax returns, as only contributions that you personally funded are eligible for deductions. This applies regardless of whether the contribution was made in your name or your dependent's name. Even if your dependent foregoes claiming the contribution on their tax return, you still cannot claim it. However, if you make a contribution in your child's name and meet the deduction requirements, you may be able to claim it. To do so, you need to keep accurate records of the payment and obtain a receipt from the charitable organization. It is important to note that allowances given to your child are considered gifts, so if you agree to forgo it in exchange for making a contribution, the IRS may not object as long as it meets the deduction requirements."}
{"3081": "\n\nHearing from someone about your taxes is less reliable than direct information from the IRS. To plan for your year-end income and tax payments, it's essential to do some forecasting. Filing a quarterly form and tax payment is generally advisable to avoid hefty penalties for under-withholding. The IRS site provides detailed instructions and payment coupons. If you're earning enough to worry about taxes, saving for the future is also crucial. Consider opening a Solo-401(k) or IRA, or both, and explore these accounts further. If you have any questions, feel free to ask for more information."}
{"3082": "\n\nBenjamin Graham's investment strategy was to focus on extremely reliable stocks. During his era, there were fewer financially stable businesses compared to today, and he discovered many companies with assets exceeding the value of their shares. Although it's not crucial to quantify this phenomenon, it's a valuable concept. The notion is that larger companies are less volatile, making them a safer investment option for investors. The majority of businesses in the top 500 or other comparable indices meet these criteria."}
{"3083": "\n\nAn ISA is a straightforward concept, which may be simpler than you initially thought. Essentially, it is an envelope or wrapper that functions to limit the amount of funds you can insert into it, with a cap of \u00a315k per tax year. What you choose to do with the money inside the envelope is entirely up to you, and HMRC only monitors the funds being inserted. To further clarify, let's use a few diagrams. \n\nFirstly, let's say you invest an initial \u00a310k, which goes into the envelope and counts towards your \u00a315k limit: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+ ----- \u00a310k --------->              \n                                  |                +-------------------+ \n   \nSo at this point, you have: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+               \n                                  |    \u00a310k of cash     |\n                                  +-------------------+\n\nNext, you choose to buy a fund with the \u00a310k inside the envelope: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+               \n                                  |    \u00a310k of ABC    |\n                                  +-------------------+\n\nThe fund appreciates to \u00a312k, which happens inside the envelope, but doesn't concern HMRC: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+               \n                                  |    \u00a312k of ABC    |\n                                  +-------------------+\n\nYou then decide to sell the fund, again inside the envelope: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+                \n                                  |    \u00a312k of cash   |                \n                                  +-------------------+\n\nFinally, you buy another fund inside the envelope: \n\n                 +---------ISA-----------------+               \n                                  | \u00a310k of JKL & \u00a32k of cash   |                \n                                  +-----------------------------+\n\nThis fund also appreciates to \u00a311k, with no impact on HMRC: \n\n                 +---------ISA-----------------+               \n                                  | \u00a311k of JKL & \u00a32k of cash   |               \n                                  +-----------------------------+\n\nOnce again, you sell the fund within the envelope: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+               \n                                  |    \u00a313k of cash   |\n                                  +-------------------+\n\nFinally, you withdraw the funds from the envelope, without any capital gains liability: \n\n                 +---------ISA-------+ <---- \u00a313k ---------               \n                                  |                +-------------------+\n\nNote that after this withdrawal, the most you can insert into the ISA for the remainder of the tax year is \u00a35k, even if the envelope is empty, as the limit is based on total inserted funds for that year."}
{"3084": "\n\nThe Wall Street Journal recently discussed two types of risks outlined by investment analyst Mr. Bernstein. The first, \"shallow risk,\" refers to a temporary drop in an asset's market price, also known as a \"quotational loss\" by Benjamin Graham. The second, \"deep risk,\" is the total loss of capital, meaning that even after adjusting for inflation, the investor may not recuperate their investment for decades, if at all. In other words, a quotational loss is a loss that cannot be explained by a change in the actual value of a company."}
{"3085": "\n\nYour question is important because it acknowledges the possibility of needing credit in the future. While it's great that you haven't needed a credit card recently, there may come a time when you need to spend more than you have readily available. Fortunately, if you pay off your credit card promptly, the cost will be modest (or none if paid within 30 days). I learned this firsthand when I was traveling and faced unexpected expenses due to bad weather. I almost had to sleep at the train station because I had almost no money in my bank account and only a small student credit card. Think about scenarios like attending a funeral or dealing with a medical emergency, which could quickly become expensive. Even if you have savings, it may be more costly to break a CD or take short-term capital gains than paying one or two months of interest on a credit card."}
{"3086": "\n\nShe should consider calling 211 for assistance. The 2-1-1 service, operated by the United Way, a nonprofit organization, is designed to be a centralized source of information for local services."}
{"3087": "\n\nRevised: If you believe \"asset protection\" means purchasing gold and canned food under a Nevada LLC because of advice from a radio personality, it is not a wise idea. As an individual with assets, it is advisable to procure appropriate liability limits through your homeowner/renter insurance policy or acquire an \"umbrella\" liability policy, which is economical. However, if you don't possess assets, it may not be necessary to incur additional costs for extra insurance coverage beyond your renter's or homeowner's policy. In the case of a business, it's crucial to consult with your insurance agent regarding suitable business coverage versus personal insurance. Additionally, it's essential to obtain guidance from your attorney on how to establish a separation between your business interests and personal interests."}
{"3088": "\n\nIn addition to the previous responses, it is important to mention that the stock exchanges also modify the price quotations through their ex-dividend mechanism. When a stock goes ex-dividend, all limit orders in the order book will be adjusted for the dividend. Consequently, it is not possible to be \"inadvertently\" filled in the highly improbable scenario that all market players forget to modify their quotations."}
{"3089": "\n\nAs a Venezuelan who used to buy USD, I believe that the best explanation for the current situation can only be provided by someone who is living and working in Venezuela. When Hugo Chavez took the presidency in 1998, the Venezuelan economy was in good shape. However, fast forward to about 10 years later, and poor management, corruption, and communism had wreaked havoc in our economy. Most of the money coming into Venezuela, especially from oil, was not invested in the country but instead given away to other countries such as Cuba. Back then, Venezuela had an oil barrel going over $100, and a lot of money was coming into the country. Unfortunately, very little of this money was invested in Venezuela. As a result, most of the richest people who have bank accounts in Switzerland are Venezuelans who stole huge amounts of oil money.\n\nThis is what led to Venezuela having the worst economy in the entire American continent. There is not enough money inside the country to satisfy the inner market, and people have to pay overpriced amounts for anything bought abroad. In addition, only a very small number of people can actually purchase USD in Venezuela. For instance, in 2013, I was able to buy about $80/month with my monthly income, but currently, it is almost impossible for about 99% of Venezuelans. To illustrate, the minimum wage in Venezuela is 10,000 bolivares per month, while the black market exchange rate (as of January 2016) is 900bs per 1usd. Therefore, 10,000/900 results in 11.11 USD. Unfortunately, this is what about 50% of Venezuelans earn every month.\n\nConsequently, people buy USD even at an unfavorable rate for various reasons. Firstly, inflation in Venezuela is incredibly high, with the inflation from 2014-2015 being 241%. Therefore, having Bolivares in your bank account makes no sense as you will not be able to buy things or services you need at half of the cost. Secondly, a significant number of Venezuelans dream of living abroad because life in the country is not the best.\n\nRegarding the last question, why would Venezuela want to block the sale of dollars? Centralized currency management is an economic measure that should only last for six months tops. However, with the current state of the economy, it may take a few years to reverse this trend. Turukawa's Wikipedia link explains this in detail.\n\nIn conclusion, I hope this helps you understand why people in third-world countries and those with many economic challenges buy USD even at an unfavorable rate."}
{"3090": "\n\nThe most apparent challenge currently is experiencing unforeseen and prolonged unemployment. In the current economic climate, living paycheck to paycheck can lead to difficulties."}
{"3091": "\n\nAs someone who is highly visual, the concept of a 30-year mortgage didn't fully register with me until I could visualize it. In essence, the green interest lines on the chart represent the amount of money you are paying to the bank in appreciation for their decision to loan you a significant sum of money upfront. It goes without saying that this sum is at least equal to the cost of your new home! Therefore, it's best to make as large of a down-payment as is practical and strive to minimize the amount paid in interest over time. Wishing you the best of luck!"}
{"3092": "\n\nBefore investing significant funds in creating a complex share scheme, inquire with the bank that is providing the SBA loan regarding the percentage of ownership necessary for personal loan guarantee. Various banks have varying criteria, but I recall the requirement being at least 20% ownership last I checked. It's critical to speak with an underwriter to get accurate information since many service representatives may not know protocol."}
{"3093": "\n\nRegarding your initial inquiry, there is evidence available on the subject. I recommend reading a paper from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis which contains valuable references to other publications that could help answer your questions about technical analysis. After reading the entire article, you can delve into some of the additional publications cited and come to your own conclusions. The following are relevant excerpts from the paper:\n\nThe article explores the concept of technical analysis in the foreign exchange market, with an emphasis on its relevance concerning the matter of market efficiency. \"Technicians\" perceive technical analysis as the recognition of price patterns, and the leveraging of regularities in traders' psychology. Literature on technical analysis demonstrates that simple technical trading rules on dollar exchange rates resulted in substantial, risk-adjusted earnings that lasted for fifteen years during the 1970s and 80s before they ceased.  Currently, more intricate and lesser-known regulations produce smaller earnings for comparable durations. Standard assertions that depend on risk adjustment and/or central bank intervention are not valid justifications for the observed excess returns generated by adhering to these simplified technical trading rules. Nonetheless, psychological biases could be contributing factors. We interpret the observed surplus of these incomes to technical trading rules as being compatible with the adaptive markets theory. \n\nMany find it perplexing that technical analysis is widely utilized in the foreign exchange market and others. This implies that traders are either making irrational choices on insignificant information or that past prices have practical insights for trading, which contradicts the healthy markets hypothesis asserting that no trading strategy should generate unusual profits on publicly accessible information such as prior rates, without assuming noteworthy risk. As such, much time and effort have been devoted to determining whether technical analysis is actually profitable or not. While one of the first studies by Fama and Blume (1966) found no evidence that a specific category of TTRs can generate abnormal earnings in the stock market, more special examination by Brock, Lakonishok, and LeBaron (1992) and Sullivan, Timmermann, and White (1999) has demonstrated contradictory evidence. Numerous examinations of the foreign exchange market have likewise provided evidence that TTRs can create systematic profits (e.g. Poole (1967), Dooley and Shafer (1984), Sweeney (1986), Levich and Thomas (1993), Neely, Weller, and Dittmar (1997), Gencay (1999), Lee, Gleason, and Mathur (2001), and Martin (2001))."}
{"3094": "\n\nWhen borrowing from a bank, one can choose between secured loans such as a mortgage, or unsecured lines of credit which usually offer a more reasonable amount of money, but are based on income. As for private loans, it depends on the person and their relationship with the lender. It may not be wise to ask for money from a friend or relative if the purpose is to pay rent, as they may not consider you the best candidate for lending. However, they may lend you the money without asking for the purpose."}
{"3095": "\n\nThere are two possible scenarios to determine the relevant date and several options to establish the relevant price for your stocks. If the stocks were purchased in your name from the start, the relevant date is the purchase date. However, if you inherited the stocks, the relevant date is the date of the original owner's death. Checking with the company for original purchase records is recommended. In some cases, if the stocks were purchased in \"street name,\" the company may not have any such records, and you will have to identify the broker who holds them. Once you have identified the relevant date, get in touch with the company's \"investor relationships\" contact to ascertain the adjusted stock price on that date, adjusted for any splits, mergers, acquisitions, etc. This adjusted cost basis per share will serve as your reference. Alternatively, you could research historical prices using financial information sites such as Google, Yahoo, Bloomberg, or the relevant stock exchange. If you can't establish the cost basis or if doing so proves expensive, simply write the cost basis as $0 and claim the entire proceeds as gains. However, please note that this will entail paying capital gains tax on the full amount. It might be cheaper than conducting a full investigation to determine the actual numbers."}
{"3096": "\n\nHere's a simpler valuation method I use: Take the equity of the company and add 10 times the current profit. This method offers a quick assessment of a company's worth and helps avoid investing in debt-ridden or losing companies. For a more detailed analysis, you can evaluate future profit prospects, among other factors. For guidance on investing like Warren Buffett, I suggest reading Mary Buffett's book."}
{"3097": "\n\nAfter dealing with Social Security, state agencies, and banks numerous times myself, I want to offer some advice. Firstly, ensure that you know whether you are listed as a \"joint\" or \"authorized user/signer\" for an account. You can make a quick call to the bank to clarify this. Being listed as an authorized user only grants you the ability to use a credit or debit card to make purchases, but it doesn't mean that the money in the account is yours. However, if you are listed as a joint holder, it could lead to ownership issues that you need to address. By taking the time to clarify this, you can avoid unnecessary complications and save yourself time and effort.\n\nSecondly, it's important to be truthful with the agency you are dealing with, but it's equally important to understand the facts before you disclose them. If you are uncertain about what to report on a form, don't hesitate to seek clarification. For instance, you could ask whether being listed as an authorized user on someone else's account counts as having a bank account. Alternatively, if you are a joint account holder, you would need to know how that affects your eligibility. \n\nRemember that it's easier to get a clear answer from a bank than a government agency. If you provide accurate information to the agency, they can give you the correct advice and support. But if you don't give them accurate information, you might not get the help you need. Thus, always ensure that you have the facts with you when you contact an agency. In summary, taking these two steps can make navigating these bureaucratic systems a lot smoother."}
{"3098": "\n\nIn the United States, selling stocks is considered a taxable event and the sale proceeds will be subject to taxation. The specific tax treatment, whether it is considered as capital or ordinary gain, will depend on factors such as the type of stock, how it was acquired, and how long it was held. If the stock was bought as an investment and held for over a year, it will most likely receive capital gain treatment. However, this tax treatment only applies to the US. As a UK resident, it is important to also check how this is handled in the UK, as the tax regulations may differ."}
{"3099": "\n\nSeveral mutual fund companies, including Vanguard (as of my last check many years ago), require smaller minimum investments, often around $1000, for IRA and 401k accounts. Some also offer smaller investment options for IRA accounts as long as you establish an automatic contribution plan that deposits a fixed amount each month or quarter. However, many companies charge an annual account maintenance fee per fund for IRA investments. This fee can range from $10 to $25, or more and applies unless the balance in the fund exceeds a certain threshold, typically $5K or $10K. It's best to pay this fee in cash rather than deducting it from your IRA investment.\n\nFor those starting out with an IRA, diversification into multiple funds is not the best strategy. Rather, it's better to invest in an S&P 500 Index fund like VFINX, or a Total Market Index fund or Target Retirement Fund, and then branch out into other types of mutual funds as your investment grows through future contributions and dividends.\n\nTo clarify the question about fund minimums, the IRA account is separate from a taxable investment account, and the minimum investment requirement applies to each account separately. However, as mentioned earlier, there may be smaller minimums for tax-deferred accounts."}
{"3100": "\n\nPlease be cautious before clicking on any links provided in the communication. It could be either genuine marketing or a potential scam. Please review and check with extreme attention."}
{"3101": "\n\nDepending on the state you reside in, paying interest on a mortgage can unlock additional tax deduction options, such as real estate taxes, car tax, and donations. You may refer to Schedule A on http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sa.pdf. However, in the short term, this approach may not prove advantageous. Owning your home has its benefits, but it also involves significant risks, especially if you're unable to sell your home. Additionally, it's important to note that this approach doesn't necessarily scale well since you may end up spending more to save less. Ultimately, it's better to buy a home because you want to than to do so solely for tax reduction purposes."}
{"3102": "\n\nIt is unlikely that a bank would consider your undergraduate major when providing a loan, unless you have a professional degree such as law or medicine. However, if you are not a US citizen, obtaining an unsecured loan from a US bank would be difficult as they may not have a way to collect if you cannot pay. In this case, it may be more logical to seek a loan from a bank in your home country. \n\nIf you are accepted into a top Ivy League school, financial policies are in place that will allow you to attend regardless of your financial situation. Schools such as Harvard, Princeton, MIT, Stanford, and Yale provide sufficient financial aid to students who are accepted, and even have no-loan policies in place. The only exceptions are if you have lied about something or if your family is wealthy but refuses to pay for your attendance. Otherwise, these schools GUARANTEE that they will fully finance your attendance. For example, Princeton's no-loan policy means that they will fund your attendance without you having to take on any loans."}
{"3103": "\n\nIt is dependent on your shopping habits and travel frequency. However, with only one or two stays, non-aggressive shoppers can recover their membership fee through hotel savings. For instance, Hilton brands offer a 10% discount, while AARP discounts can often be combined with other promotions. When it comes to insurance, it's best to compare rates, but group plans such as AARP's may have favorable underwriting standards."}
{"3104": "\n\nYou should report the expense on the date it was incurred/accrued, in your case, 2014. Please note that \"accounts payable\" is not a category on tax forms but is instead an account listed on the balance sheet. However, since your LLC is likely cash-based, this account is likely not relevant to you. Don't be distracted by the reimbursement; what is important is the date you made the payment."}
{"3105": "\n\nThe statement that a target date fund is not a world market index is correct. However, there is no requirement for it to be weighted based on the various world stock markets' weights. In fact, historically, a 2:1 ratio for non-US investments in target date funds is quite low since the invention of target date funds. More commonly, a 6:1 ratio or higher has been observed, with only a token amount dedicated to non-US investments."}
{"3106": "\n\nI believe this is a thought-provoking question with no definitive answer. A conservative investor may want to consider a mix of riskier and safer investments in response to low rates, while keeping a portion of their portfolio in cash. In a weak economy, great results should not be anticipated. For a deeper analysis, let's examine the three primary asset classes: cash, bonds, and stocks, and how they may perform in a low-interest-rate environment. When referring to stocks, it's worth noting that mutual funds invested in diversified stock portfolios, rather than individual stocks (which carry more risk), are being discussed. While diversification isn't crucial for government bonds, it is possible to use mutual funds for bonds.\n\nCash. Upsides include short-term safety and availability for emergencies. Downsides include low returns and potential inflation (although investing elsewhere is possible if inflation spikes).\n\nBonds. While offering somewhat higher returns than cash, they're also more vulnerable to inflation. Additionally, rising rates can cause a temporary dip in market price.\n\nStocks. In the long-term (20 years or more), stocks are better at preventing the erosion of purchasing power caused by inflation. As a result, average returns are expected to be higher than those for cash or bonds. Short-to-mid-term price fluctuations and lower expected returns in dismal economic times are the drawbacks.\n\nWhile low-interest rates may modify the equation, investors must be familiar with these basic asset classes. A combination of the three may be able to provide the best risk-adjusted rewards."}
{"3107": "\n\nThe preferred accounts are designed to make you do one of several things: pay one day late and then charge you all the deferred interest. Many people think if they put aside $X a month, they can pay just before the 6-month, 12-month, or no-payment before 2014 period ends to afford the computer, carpet, or furniture. The interest rate charged for late payments will be buried in the fine print, but expect it to be very high. Paying on time will not only help you build a credit history but also give you a card with their logo, making you feel like you should buy the accessories from them. They hope you become a long-term customer, and their \"Bill Me Later\" option on the site is essentially the same as the preferred account, giving you another line of credit that will impact your credit score. Using cash or debit card to buy the computer today means there is no need to get another credit card. With the preferred account, you can save about $10 by delaying payment. However, the store you choose may offer better savings opportunities. With Apple, there are fewer places to find legitimate discounts. To get your credit limit increased, you can ask for a temporary or permanent increase. Some credit cards can do this online, but others require you to speak with a representative. Using your existing credit card, especially if it is a rewards card, can help you earn extra money or points, but make sure to pay it back before the bill is due. Also, having the transaction on the credit card can provide you with purchase protection and extend the warranty automatically."}
{"3108": "\n\nYahoo's valuation is negatively affected by two major factors. Firstly, the search business is in decline and they are losing ground to Google and Bing. The lack of a plan or product to offset this decline creates uncertainty about future revenues. Secondly, Yahoo is unable to decide on what to do with their stake in Alibaba, their most valuable asset. If they sell it, there are questions about how they will utilize the proceeds. Will they offer a special dividend, share buybacks, acquire revenue-enhancing products/services or develop new ones? Valuing assets involves more than just asset valuation, buyers must find ways to monetize it. Professionals have likely addressed this concern, but not everyone in the market understands it. Overall, these factors may greatly impact the company's value. Good luck!"}
{"3109": "\n\nAlthough technical indicators may seem effective, they are unreliable when considering their long-term effectiveness. Such a stock picking technique could either rely entirely on coincidence or manipulate the market inefficiency, in which either case, the approach guarantees short-lived success. When multiple traders begin exploiting that same inefficiency, it will no longer exist. Furthermore, if such a strategy is published and made public, it will likely lose all effectiveness. Determining whether a technical indicator truly works or if it was a mere coincidence is only possible in hindsight, if at all."}
{"3110": "\n\nI believe you are referring to stock mutual funds. The significant market dip of 2008 may still be relatively fresh in our minds, as it resulted in a 37% drop. Additionally, when taken together, the years of 2007 and 2008 yielded a 34% decrease, or 2007 to 2009 resulted in a 20% decline. It is important to consider the long-term when investing, as a decade of investment can typically guarantee a positive return. In my opinion, two years is a rather short term for considering returns."}
{"3111": "\n\nYes on taxes. However, there are other factors to consider, as highlighted by Ben's comment. If both parties hail from a Western culture that values love and emotional connection as significant components of marriage, it may not be wise to prioritize financial gain above all else. In contrast, other cultures approach marriage more pragmatically, emphasizing financial stability and security as essential considerations. For example, a friend of mine opted for a pragmatic marriage based on tax laws and benefited financially, at the expense of family pressure and criticism. Unfortunately, this created tension later on when others used this as evidence that the couple did not love each other. In America, and other Western societies, there is often a stigma attached to pragmatic marriages. Answering questions about relationships is challenging because it is often about more than just financial gain - cultural factors play a critical role. For those of the same pragmatic background and culture, where family pressure is not an issue, the financial benefits might outweigh the drawbacks."}
{"3112": "\n\nWhen Laurence Olivier accepted the role of Douglas MacArthur in Inchon, a film made by the Unification Church, he candidly told the press, \"The reason why I'm in this picture is plain and simple - money, dear boy.\" The banking industry is typically burdened by age-old systems and countless legal and technical limitations that make it difficult to transfer funds quickly and efficiently between clients. However, making such transfers faster would undoubtedly be advantageous for clients."}
{"3113": "\n\nRevised: It's not without risk. Before accepting a check for a large sum, consider the possibility of unexpected events that could happen before you can deposit it. However, there are steps you can take to minimize your risk and maximize your return. Start by consulting with a finance and tax law specialist to understand your tax exposure and options. Protect your money and family by refining or creating a will, and seek the guidance of a financial planner to make the most of your new wealth. Research banks that can handle your deposit and communicate your plans with them. As you choose your bank, examine their financial stability and avoid those that have previously been bailed out. Proper planning and due diligence can ensure your newfound wealth lasts a lifetime."}
{"3114": "\n\nRevision: If you set a good till cancel (GTC) order, any partial fills will automatically carry over to the next market session until the order is fully completed. It's unlikely that each share will be filled individually, but the number of orders required depends on the stock's liquidity. Additionally, the limit order price can affect the filling process."}
{"3115": "\n\nThe $10,000 is non-taxable for both parties, while the $500 is considered as your taxable income, and a deductible business expense for your friend."}
{"3116": "\n\nI don't believe it would be considered income, and even if it is a short-term loan, the interest on the loan would be insignificant. However, to avoid any potential issues, it may be best to open two separate accounts in the name of the individual seeking the account benefits, especially if you are willing to provide the initial funds to begin the process."}
{"3117": "\n\nHere's the revised text:\n\nHere are three important points to keep in mind:\n\n1. In your first year, it's important to spend at least 182 days outside of India. This way, when you begin your consultancy business, you won't be liable to pay taxes on any earnings you made abroad.\n\n2. Even if you're operating your consultancy business overseas, if you provide any services in India, you may be subject to withholding taxes depending on the country where your business is registered.\n\n3. Any money you repatriate back to India will not be subject to taxation. However, if you choose to gift that money to someone who is not a relative, it will be taxed in the recipient's hands."}
{"3118": "\n\nNetting involves consolidating cash inflows and outflows, such as debits/credits, payments/receipts, and income/expenses. This is done by subtracting the total amount of outflows from the total amount of inflows to create a single transaction. For instance, when you execute two trades in a day with your broker - one to purchase a security for $100 and another to sell it for $110 - netting is employed to determine the net amount of $10, which is the difference between the inflow and outflow. In a broader context, \"netting of instructions\" means merging all instructions and applying their net effect, such as combining one step forward with two steps back to produce a net result of one step back. Netting is commonly used in financial transactions to reduce the number of transactions, but it could be applied more broadly. Notably, netting can also be used to consolidate multiple inflows or outflows into one transaction by adding them all up."}
{"3119": "\n\nRevised: Based on your $75,000 annual income, and two years of living rent-free at home, you were able to save $30,000. However, I would like to clarify some details. Have you been earning a high income for at least two years? If so, it seems puzzling that you have only managed to save $30,000. Did you have to pay any rent to your parents to help them keep their home? \n\nAdditionally, if you are uncertain about being relocated in the coming years, I advise against rushing into a home purchase. Housing market prices are unlikely to experience significant spikes in the near future. As you continue to live rent-free for another year, you can save another $30,000 and eventually make a more informed decision about buying a home. Keep in mind that many couples who have dependents and extra expenses are able to manage their finances with a mortgage, car payments, and a $75,000 household income."}
{"3120": "\n\nAlthough nowadays there may be \"welcome\" banking packages, when I arrived in 2008 I was unable to find any. However, Vancity did provide me with a secured visa even though I had no credit history or score to speak of. I highly doubt that this has changed. The bank assumes zero risk in these situations."}
{"3121": "\n\nYou have understood this correctly. Additionally, if your total tax liability is below $1000, you are not required to pay estimated taxes and can pay your taxes in full on tax day. This safe harbor rule is explained in the IRS publication 17 under the General Rule section. In most cases, you will need to pay estimated taxes for 2016 if the following apply to you: you anticipate owing a minimum of $1000 in taxes for 2016 after deducting your withholding and refundable credits, and your withholding and refundable credits are expected to be less than either 90% of the tax shown on your 2016 tax return or 100% of the tax displayed on your 2015 tax return (exceptions apply for fishermen, farmers, and taxpayers with higher incomes). It is important to note that your 2015 tax return should cover all 12 months."}
{"3122": "\n\nThe CPA's reference to $2,500 likely pertains to the de minimis safe harbor threshold increase in the final tangible property regulations, which was raised from the previous limit of $500 for taxpayers without an applicable financial statement. By electing the de minimis safe harbor election on your tax return, the IRS will not challenge your choice to either expense or capitalize amounts of $2,500 or less. Additionally, it's crucial to be consistent with your bookkeeping practices when making these choices in your tax return. For instance, if you capitalize laptops for bookkeeping purposes, you should also do so for tax purposes. While Section 179 offers an option to expense assets that would otherwise need to be capitalized and depreciated, it can be burdensome, especially if your LLC is considered a passthrough, and there may be recapture provisions if you dispose of the asset too soon. It's easier for tax preparers when there are no fixed assets to keep track of, which can be the case when you choose to expense all items and invoices less than $2,500."}
{"3123": "Are these the only taxes, or are there additional taxes on stocks? The turnover tax does not apply to retail investors, and other taxes are paid by the broker as part of the transaction, so there is no need to worry too much about them. Is there income tax on shares bought or held? No, income tax is not paid on buying or holding shares. However, if you buy and sell shares, you will have a capital gain or loss. If you hold a security for less than one year and sell it, it is classified as a short-term capital gain and is taxed at a special rate of 15%. Any short-term loss can be adjusted against other gains. If you hold a security for more than one year, it is classified as a long-term capital gain, but you cannot adjust long-term losses in stock markets. Will the money received from selling shares be taxable income for FY income tax? Only the gain (or loss) will be treated as income, not the complete sale value. To calculate the gain, you need to arrive at a purchase price, which includes the price of the stock, brokerage fees, STT, and all other taxes. Similarly, the sale price will be the sale price of the stock minus brokerage fees, STT, and all other taxes. The difference between the two is the gain. Will dividend/bonus/buy-back money be taxable? Dividends are tax-free for individuals because the company has already paid the dividend distribution tax. Bonuses are tax-free because they do not create any additional value. If you participate in a buy-back, it is treated as a sale of shares. Will the shareholder pay dividend distribution tax? No, the company pays it. What are capital gains? Capital gains are the profit or loss you make when buying and selling a particular security."}
{"3124": "\n\nVanguard offers a wide range of mutual funds, and I happen to have an account with them. Their members' section contains information about the risk/reward level of each fund."}
{"3125": "\n\nYes, you can account for certain expenditures as startup costs. It's recommended that you speak with a tax advisor to determine which expenses qualify as startup costs, such as legal fees. If these expenditures exceed $5,000, you'll need to capitalize them over a specific period and deduct them from your business income. However, please note that this is not intended to be tax advice. :-)"}
{"3126": "\n\nIt appears that your definition of fundamental investing may not be accurate, which could explain why you deem it insignificant. In reality, fundamental investing involves valuing a stock by forecasting its future profitability, cash flows, and dividends. While one approach is to consider multiples, it's important to note that these are retrospective and may not accurately represent a company's potential for growth. For instance, when a firm's ratios deviate significantly from comparable companies, it could signify that the market expects substantial growth. However, this isn't conclusive evidence that the expectations are correct, and additional information is necessary to validate such assumptions. Warren Buffet, an esteemed fundamental investor, often assumes that overvaluation occurs when a firm's ratios appear to be unreasonable. Although this may be the case in some instances, it doesn't imply that the investors aren't employing fundamental analysis. Overall, fundamental investing remains a crucial factor in determining stock prices, as it involves considering aspects such as future growth and innovation, which transcends the evaluation of ratios."}
{"3127": "\n\nYou can act as a co-borrower for your father's property, and some banks may require you to be a part-owner of the property. Before taking a home loan for a new property, most banks will need information about your current loans (such as auto, personal, or other home loans) to determine how much they can lend you.\n\nFor the first loan, where your father already owns a property, he can apply for a Loan Against Property. If his income is not sufficient, you can co-sign on the loan (as some banks permit). However, there are no tax benefits associated with this loan.\n\nThe second loan is a Home Loan for the remaining amount required. Both loans can be acquired from the same bank, but the bank will cap the total amount of loan it can offer based on your income. The finance for the house purchase will only cover up to 80% of the property value."}
{"3128": "\n\nAlthough you intend to conduct this review for multiple securities and events at different times, I understand you do not wish to perform backtests with hundreds of events. Thus, my response assumes you are conducting an ad hoc review for a single event involving one security. If the event happened recently, your full-service broker may provide the information for free, or even some discount brokers. If the stock and its options were actively traded, you may request \"time and sales\" (TNS) data for the dates of interest. However, if the event occurred long ago, your options are more limited and potentially more expensive. Here are some suggestions: The Wall Street Journal and Investors' Business Daily print copies have daily stock options trading data that is best for actively traded options. Also, Bloomberg has detailed equity trading data for delisted and defunct companies, as well as futures trading data, but access depends on subscriptions or library access. Additionally, stock options exchanges sell data, some to resellers and others to anyone willing to pay. You can contact the exchange's market data services department and request TNS and/or TNQ data or a list of resellers who may provide cheaper single queries."}
{"3129": "\n\nIf you are discussing ADBE options, it is worth noting that they are American-style options, meaning they can be exercised at any point before their expiration date. To exercise your options, you can contact your broker and instruct them accordingly. However, your broker will likely charge a nominal fee for this service. It is worth mentioning that you may wish to hold off on exercising your option at the present moment, as it still retains a significant amount of time value that would be forfeited if exercised. If you do not anticipate ADBE will continue rising, it may be advisable to sell the option instead."}
{"3130": "\n\nAt present, you find yourself at a crossroads. Looking back, if I could give advice to my younger self who raced past this juncture without any attention, I would suggest researching \"Financial Independence,\" \"Early Retirement,\" and \"Frugal Living.\" Proper implementation of these concepts can make you financially independent within 5-15 years, depending on your comfort with frugal living. While many individuals commemorate their graduation by financing a new car, it is equivalent to a quadruple whammy. Buying a new vehicle results in sticker shock, financing is essentially paying to use someone else's money, purchasing a car reinforces the commuter lifestyle, and the cash flow could have been allocated towards debt reduction or savings building. According to one blog, taking this step adds a decade to the time required to achieve financial independence."}
{"3131": "\n\nTo calculate the average P/E ratio of an industry, you can add up the P/E ratios of all the companies within that industry and then divide the total by the number of companies. This can be expressed as:\n\nAverage P/E ratio of industry = Sum of P/E ratios of all companies in industry / Number of companies in industry."}
{"3132": "\n\nAllow me to explain with an extreme example: Supposing I own the only share in a company valued at $1M. If I were to issue 9 additional shares and find 9 willing buyers to purchase each share for $1M, my ownership in the company would drop by 90%, making me a 10% shareholder. However, the company's value would increase to $10M, with an extra $9M in the bank for expansion. While this example is simplified, it is not more simplified than the notion that a company would dilute its shares by 90% in a single transaction."}
{"3133": "\n\nRevised: When it comes to the down payment, it is wise to avoid Private Mortgage Insurance (PMI) if possible, as it can lead to unnecessary waste of money. Strive for a 20% down payment, or pay off enough to exceed 20% and request the removal of PMI as soon as possible. Consider the amount of risk you're able to assume and the duration of your ownership of the property before making a decision. Run the numbers for various alternatives, accounting for investment uncertainty. Don't assume that you'll make a profit when you sell the home, as this is the mistake that has led people to foreclosure. Similarly, don't expect a prompt sale, as it may take a year or more.  Be realistic when it comes to renting out the property and remember that it is a business with ongoing challenges and expenses, which can't necessarily be avoided by outsourcing. Additionally, avoid double mortgages as they pose a greater risk and expense than the PMI they attempt to evade."}
{"3134": "\n\nRevised: A stock dividend involves converting some of the company's reserves and surplus on its balance sheet into paid-up capital and securities premium account, without requiring an actual cash outflow to shareholders. While investors tend to favor cash dividends due to their cash yield, the issuance of stock dividends signals a growing confidence in the company among both its management and shareholders. The desire by shareholders to convert free cash held on the balance sheet into blocked funds in exchange for shares reflects their confidence in the company, ultimately leading to an increase in the market price of the stock."}
{"3135": "\n\nAssuming I enjoy the job, in cases like these, I typically request a performance evaluation after three months. This often misconstrued as a request for a pay raise, leading to a salary increase, whereas my actual goal is to receive feedback on my performance. Some supervisors choose to offer feedback only during these reviews, rather than on a day-to-day basis."}
{"3136": "Wow, I was unaware of this until I researched it, but Mikey was correct. It appears that when making credit card purchases, we often overlook the fine print. Many companies have terms and conditions that permit ongoing charges for recurring fees (such as monthly or yearly fees), even after we have cancelled our card."}
{"3137": "\n\nIn Massachusetts, we have a comparable legislation. Each tenant is required to complete a W9 form, and the account is registered under their name. It is crucial to locate a bank that offers this service for free; otherwise, fees could become an issue. With current interest rates, any fees incurred will surpass the interest gained."}
{"3138": "\n\nInterest rates are one factor that can impact house prices, but other factors, such as unemployment rates, also come into play. Generally, when interest rates decrease, borrowing money becomes cheaper, stimulating the economy and housing market by increasing demand for houses. This can cause house prices to rise, especially if the supply of new housing doesn't keep up with demand. Conversely, when interest rates increase, the opposite often occurs. Interest rates typically decrease to stimulate a slowing economy and increase to slow down an overheated one.\n\nIn your situation, you can take advantage of today's interest rates to secure a 30-year fixed rate mortgage, which means you won't have to worry about paying a higher rate if interest rates go up in the future. Since you plan to live in the house you're buying, a potential drop in the house's value shouldn't be a significant concern, as the value of other houses would likely drop as well.\n\nYour primary concern should be the risk of interest rates going up, potentially causing house prices to fall and unemployment to rise, which could affect your ability to make repayments. However, you believe interest rates won't go up in the US for a few years, and even then, the increase will likely occur slowly.\n\nIn the meantime, you can take steps to reduce your risk. For instance, you could save as much as possible, make extra repayments on your home loan, or develop new skills to remain employable. Doing your research on the types of houses you're interested in can also help you make better-informed decisions and avoid overpriced properties.\n\nUltimately, understanding the risks you face and developing strategies to manage them can help you feel more confident about moving forward with your purchase."}
{"3139": "\n\nThere are two categories that define currency types, but the first one seems to be more relevant to your inquiry. The first category identifies three recognized currency types, which are described here: http://finance.mapsofworld.com/money/types/. On the other hand, the second category classifies currencies according to the type of economy that generates them, such as reserve, commodity, among others. You can read more about this categorization here: http://www.forextraders.com/learn-forex-trading-course/major-currency-pairs.html."}
{"3140": "\n\nTo avoid any hassle, it's best if you and your partner choose a Real Estate Attorney to handle all the necessary paperwork (including the contract) and oversee the closing process with the Title Company. This way, you can split the transaction's regular fees between the two of you. It's a straightforward process that is professionally managed, and it saves both of you the 6% commission."}
{"3141": "\n\nThis page on simplestockinvesting.com provides detailed information on the total returns of the S&P500 for each of the past six decades, as well as for the entire 60-year period. It is crucial to note that, from an investor's perspective, the total return encompasses both the change in index value (capital gain) and dividends earned. To obtain the \"total real return,\" this figure must then be adjusted for inflation. The analysis provided on this website indicates that 44% of the S&P500's total return over the past 80 years is derived from dividends. The site also features a calculator for total returns, including inflation adjustment, for user-selected periods for the DowJones30. However, locating comparable analysis for the NASDAQ market is more challenging. While the NASDAQ market site does provide gross values for total returns over fixed intervals, calculating the equivalent average annual total returns necessitates arithmetic. No inflation-adjusted values for \"real\" returns are offered, so combining inflation data from other sources and performing the required calculations is necessary."}
{"3142": "\n\nThe value of gold, like anything else, is driven by supply and demand. The annual supply is increased by approximately 2% through mining. The critical question is whether demand will increase by more or less than the annual supply. Typically, the answer is \"more\" on average, although this is not always the case. For example, during the 1980s and 1990s, the price of gold consistently declined. Nonetheless, demand for gold has grown significantly more than 2% annually since the 2000s, as discussed by other experts. This is evident in the six-fold increase in price, from approximately $300 to $1,800 per ounce over the last ten years."}
{"3143": "\n\nIf you need to demonstrate that a sale or purchase was made at fair market value (FMV), you can establish this by showing that you traded on a public exchange with an unrelated counterpart. However, it's important to note that this is just one definition of fair market value, and it's typically used to determine basis or value for tax purposes. For other purposes, such as valuation or general accounting, it's not sufficient to rely on a single trade to establish FMV, and more research is necessary."}
{"3144": "\n\nYes, it is possible to engage in short selling against the box, which was previously used to delay taxable events and lock in gains without triggering taxes. Previously, losses on one side of the box could be offset by losses on the other side. However, the IRS has tightened regulations and gains on long positions will now be realized as soon as short positions are opened. Additional information on short selling against the box can be found at http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sellagainstthebox.asp. To initiate short cover, transfer the long position to the same account as the short position, and ensure your broker covers the short position, which should be relatively easy."}
{"3145": "\n\nI notice an erroneous presumption in your statement. It is not always the case that the money you spend when purchasing stocks goes directly to the company. Rather, it typically goes to an individual who is selling their shares. The sole instance where this doesn't apply is during an IPO. As individuals who have dedicated our lives towards saving for retirement, we aspire to invest in options that generate income. We have likely accumulated significant funds and companies must offer dividends to incentivize us to invest in their stock."}
{"3146": "\n\nIt's worth considering whether you should attempt to secure a mortgage without having at least a 5% deposit. Perhaps it would be more prudent to demonstrate your commitment to the purchase of the home by refraining from buying a new car for a few years."}
{"3147": "\n\nIn addition to the suggestion of seeking a fee-only advisor by dg99, you may also want to explore the option of posting your queries on forums like Bogleheads.org. I have personally received incredible and unbiased guidance on this platform, and it comes without any cost."}
{"3148": "\n\nThe stores keep track of individual items for both inventory planning and marketing purposes. Having experience in transaction processing, I confidently state that credit/debit card companies do not receive an itemized list of the purchased items. Instead, the information transmitted to the processor typically contains a description field, which may or may not be helpful. This field is not large enough to accommodate a comprehensive grocery list and lacks standardization, making reliable parsing difficult. Although some metadata may indicate the types of products involved in the transaction, this information is usually inferred from the merchant's reporting. Some efforts to increase the amount of data reported are underway, but they are currently limited to specific banks willing to upgrade software and equipment. At present, it is best to keep receipts or use mobile apps that can track and organize them, and some apps are even capable of OCR processing."}
{"3149": "\n\nAn alternative to a savings account is a money market investment account, not to be confused with a bank's \"Money Market\" savings account which offers a similar interest rate to a regular savings account. Some money market investment accounts allow check writing. I maintain several accounts, each worth approximately $13,000. Originally, I utilized a CD ladder for my emergency fund, but I recently experimented with two different money market investment accounts. In August, my returns for accounts worth about $13k were as follows: \n- Discover Bank CD: $13.22 \n- Discover Bank CD: $13.27 \n- Discover Bank CD: $13.20 \n- Discover Savings: $13.18 \n- Credit Union \"Money Market\" savings account: $1.80 \n- Fidelity Money Market Account (SPAXX): $7.35 \n- Vanguard Money Market Account (VMFXX): $10.86\n\nPlease note that the actual values of the accounts are approximate. Of the listed accounts, the Fidelity account holds the least value, with the Credit Union account holding the most. Based on my experiment, as my CDs mature, I plan to move my funds from Discover Bank to the Vanguard Money Market account.\n\nAlternatively, investors may choose to put their money into traditional equity mutual funds. However, the stock market's unpredictability may result in an unfavorable withdrawal outcome, potentially leading to the loss of a down payment for a house. Although a thoughtfully chosen mutual fund can yield better returns, it's worth noting that there are three ways mutual funds increase in value. Here's how three of my mutual funds fared in the past month, adjusted for an initial value of approximately $13,000:\n\nTicker Symbols:\n-VASGX: Vanguard \"Fund of Funds\" - 80% stock market, 20% bonds\n-VSMGX: 60% stock market, 40% bonds\n\nPlease keep in mind that mutual fund fluctuations can be irregular from month to month. It's noteworthy that VASGX grew less than VSMGX, although this is assuming the spreadsheet data is accurate. Most of my mutual funds pay dividends and capital gains once or twice a year; none pay in August."}
{"3150": "I will attempt to answer this question and provide a disclaimer: I have recently invested in RING (5.1), NEM (16.4), ASX:RIO (46.3), and FCX (8.2). While I do not plan to increase my positions at current prices, I may consider adding new positions or buying more if the prices fall further. This strategy is known as catching a falling dagger and comes with high risk.\n\nPros: The ECB's recent quantitative easing policies fell short of market expectations. This, along with the fact that the Fed plans to raise interest rates, should cause commodities to plummet. However, while the Western world is distracted by news and entertainment, China is buying up cheap commodities to build up its reserves, despite its market turmoil. This suggests that the \"China crisis\" may have been overblown. Companies in the mining industry will not receive taxpayer bailouts and therefore represent better investment opportunities. Investing in miners, who have tangible assets, offers greater value than overpriced stocks. Moreover, ownership of assets without debt offers strategic opportunities to limit supply and increase profitability. This strategy aligns with the Fed's goals based on its recent efforts to increase inflation.\n\nCons: Catching a falling dagger is a high-risk strategy that should only be attempted by experienced and informed investors."}
{"3151": "\n\nRevised: Items such as judgement awards, settlements, and insurance payouts would typically be categorized as negative expenses in the same category as the original expense."}
{"3152": "\n\nIt is important to note that the answer to your question will vary depending on local laws and regulations. You have not specified your location, so I cannot provide an accurate answer. However, in most US states, banks will transfer the money from an uncashed cashier's check to the state government after a statutory length of time. The state holds the funds as \"unclaimed property\" under the recipient's name (payee), and this process is known as escheatment.\n\nThe state usually publishes a list of unclaimed properties, and the payee may find their name on this list at a later date and claim their funds from the state. However, the state typically keeps any earned interest on the money. It is unlikely that you, the originator of the payment, can claim the funds after escheatment. If you possess the uncashed check before the escheatment process, you can generally return it to the bank for a refund.\n\nI encountered difficulty in finding an authoritative source on this matter, but a number of informal sources (easily found by searching \"cashier check escheatment\") seem to confirm the general process. A law firm's website claims that in California, an uncashed cashier's check escheats to the state after three years, and the payee can cash the check at any time until the escheatment occurs. Unlike personal checks, cashier's checks do not become stale, and the funds will not automatically revert to the originator."}
{"3153": "\n\nThis is a huge topic, and answering your question fully would require a book with a small legal advice booklet attached. Instead, I will provide some specific points to help you start your research. \n\nFirstly, avoid ARM/Balloon loans as they pose a significant risk, and led to the housing bubble crisis. Even with low rates now, you will end up paying more in the long run. Instead, opt for a fixed-rate loan with rates that remain stable throughout the loan duration. \n\nChoose a fixed rate loan that matches your financial goals, whether it's a 30-year or a shorter-term period. The shorter the period, the lower your rates. However, current rates are so low that even 30-year fixed loans offer affordable APRs. \n\nConsidering your current equity, you will need to pay PMI. Note that this amount varies from lender to lender, so make sure to compare and shop around for the best PMI options. \n\nGovernment assistance programs may help you refinance your mortgage, even if it is underwater. Check for programs available in your area, as they differ from place to place. \n\nFinally, remember that closing fees and points will inevitably come out of your pocket, and these vary significantly between different lenders. Consider Credit Unions as these organizations tend to offer cheaper fees than big banks."}
{"3154": "\n\nThe payment of dividends depends on whether or not the stock pays them. Some companies, particularly in their early stages, may opt not to pay dividends. Your calculations are incorrect because the stated dividend is an annual figure, which must be divided by four to obtain the quarterly amount. Additionally, Ellison's compensation package may include options that can cause fluctuations in the number of shares he owns throughout the year."}
{"3155": "\n\n1) Your parents will have to pay taxes on the gain as the property was not their primary home. However, if you have contributed to the mortgage payments, it is recommended to consult with a tax advisor or accountant to determine if your parents will only be taxed on their portion of the gain, which is \u00a360,000. As of now, there is no guidance on this matter on gov.uk.\n\n2) The property is below the inheritance tax threshold of \u00a3325,000, but any amount over that threshold will be taxed, less the annual gift allowance of \u00a33,000. For more information, please refer to the following articles: \"Tax when you sell your home\" on GOV.UK and \"Gifting money to your children: FAQs\" on Money.co.UK."}
{"3156": "\n\nIt is commendable that you are reading books to educate yourself on the investment process. It is advisable to start with the passive investment classics before moving on to active investment books. If after reading, you believe that you can generate after-tax/after-expenses alpha (returns exceeding market returns), then you can consider active investing. If you choose to actively invest, I suggest using the Core & Satellite approach. This involves investing most of your money in a well-diversified basket of stocks through index funds and actively managing a small portion of your account. Keep a close track of the expenses and returns of the active part of your account and determine if you are among the few who can generate excess returns.\n\nTo fully grasp publications like The Intelligent Investor, you must have a good understanding of finance and accounting. For instance, the price-to-earnings ratio is the equity value of an enterprise (total shares outstanding times price per share) divided by the earnings of the company. Earnings are the difference between revenue and expenses, such as COGS, operating expenses, taxes, and interest. Earnings are influenced by a company's revenue recognition, inventory accounting methods (FIFO, LIFO), purchase price allocations from acquisitions, among others. If you lack a background in business, books may not give you the necessary knowledge unless you have the discipline to read textbooks. Personally, I gained an understanding of these concepts by completing the Chartered Financial Analyst program."}
{"3157": "\n\nThere is minimal distinction between a paycheck and any other type of check as both serve the purpose of paying someone for services rendered. However, a paycheck specifically denotes a type of check utilized for remunerating wages. With the popularity of direct deposit, the term paycheck is also associated with the actual payment received by the employee. This is exemplified in the Merriam-Webster dictionary which defines paycheck as: 1. a check as a medium of payment for wages or salary, and 2. the wages or salary themselves. Source: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/paycheck"}
{"3158": "\n\nAs a contractor, I regret not joining a tax-efficient umbrella organization instead of working as a sole trader. Additionally, I should have saved some money for taxes instead of spending it all. It's a lesson learned the hard way!"}
{"3159": "\n\nI cannot locate a tag specific to the United States, so I presume this pertains to US taxes. Regardless of the app you use, IRS trades are subject to the same calculations. Initially, you must document each trade on an 8949 form, which provides the totals for a Schedule D. Short term trades constitute stocks that have been held for a year or less, while long term trades are for one year and at least one day. If you've sold a stock for a loss, bought it again within 30 days, then a loss cannot be claimed. This applies solely to realized capital gains and losses, without consideration of fees. Begin with the short term losses and gains, and offset them against each other. Repeat the same with long term losses and gains. Tax rates differ between short and long-term gains. You may deduct short-term losses to long-term gains, and vice versa. You may then subtract total losses up to $3000 (household or $1500 if married filing separately) per annum from your standard income taxes or other dividend taxes. Any losses in excess of $3000 must be postponed to future years."}
{"3160": "\n\nThe market price of an option will reflect its deep in-the-money status, enabling you to sell it at a profit. While there is a near-guaranteed profit to be made, you may need to borrow money to cover exercise costs. But keep in mind, there will be interest charges associated with borrowing."}
{"3161": "\n\nI find it hard to believe that no one has mentioned this yet: Every decision you make is independent of previous decisions, as long as you only consider your expected gain. Consequently, whether or not you have purchased the same option before should not affect your decision to buy it again."}
{"3162": "\n\nI will address the following question: \"Why do intraday traders close their positions at the end of the day, even though most gains can occur overnight by buying just before market close and selling just after it opens? Is this observation applicable to other companies or specific to Apple?\" \n\nIntraday traders typically use leverage provided by their firm to trade stocks of a company. For instance, they may trade with $100,000 when they only have $5000 in their account, giving them a leverage of 20:1. However, because stocks can decrease substantially in value when the market is closed, intraday traders are not allowed to keep a highly leveraged position overnight. This is because a single failure can result in bankruptcy, both for the trader and the firm. Therefore, intraday traders close their positions at the end of the day to manage risk and avoid potential losses. This observation applies to other companies as well, not just Apple."}
{"3163": "\n\nThe statement can be revised for clarity and conciseness: \"The value of the index is calculated by adding the stock prices of the included companies, with greater weight given to larger companies.\""}
{"3164": "\n\nA mutual fund distributes its dividends and capital gains annually, semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly, among others. However, it does not distribute any capital losses to its shareholders, rather retains them to offset gains in the future, as mentioned in my previous response to a similar question. Conversely, while a stock provides dividends, it neither has nor distributes capital gains. Instead, capital gains (or losses) occur only when selling shares of the stock, which are not a form of distribution. Likewise, investors incur capital gains or losses when redeeming mutual fund shares, but this is also not considered a distribution. It's worth noting that non-ETF mutual fund shares are typically not traded on stock exchanges. Instead, shares are bought directly from the fund and sold back to the fund upon redemption. All these transactions are taxable unless the shares are held in a tax-deferred account or are tax-free for other reasons such as dividends from a municipal bond fund."}
{"3165": "\n\n.\n\nYes, it is possible to borrow money in one country for business needs in another. However, whether or not banks will lend money for this purpose depends on their individual policies. Many large corporations do borrow money internationally in this way."}
{"3166": "\n\nI believe that neither of these answers accurately describes beta. A beta of 0 indicates that your stock or portfolio is not affected by market movements and behaves independently. A beta above 0 means that the stock follows the market. This means if the market goes up, the stock goes up, and if the market goes down, the stock goes down. If the stock's beta is greater than 1, it will experience greater changes than the market. Conversely, if the stock has a beta less than 0, it moves in the opposite direction of the market; if the market goes up, the stock goes down, and vice versa. Additionally, the more negative the beta, the more exaggerated this relationship becomes."}
{"3167": "\n\nIn the market, there are both good brokers and spammers. Personally, I have been with FXCM since 2001 and have never encountered any problems. However, I recommend that you make your own choice. The question is, how can you differentiate a good broker from a bad one and ensure that they offer timely and reliable services? Online Google checks are not entirely reliable; there is so much trash talk about brokerage firms on blogs and websites due to intense competition. It is hence important to consult the regulator's website to be sure. For the US, NFA regulates all forex firms, and for the UK, it is FSA. You can find information on all regulated UK-based firms here, http://www.fsa.gov.uk/register/firmSearchForm.do. Remember that in many countries, regulation for forex companies may not be mandatory, but being regulated allows the government to monitor the firm's operations closely. Most forex firms provide accounts for traders ranging from large corporations to small traders, so there isn't much to consider even if you are a small trader. If you are a US citizen, you are limited by the US government to only trade with a broker within the US; it is forbidden to trade with any brokerage firm based outside the country. Forex trading entails a high level of risk, so it is necessary to research the markets thoroughly and gain proper education before investing your money. Although I have made significant profits trading forex, I have also observed many people losing everything. Therefore, please understand the risks and only invest money that you can afford to lose."}
{"3168": "\n\nRevised: It is common to request a credit score because having money in the bank and a decent income does not guarantee that an individual will make timely payments. Some people with financial stability may choose not to fulfill their obligations. Credit scores provide a comparative measure of an individual's payment history and ability to meet financial obligations. While lacking a credit history should not disadvantage someone, it can be necessary in certain situations. Not every landlord requires a credit check; however, in my case, although I did not have much credit history, I was asked to provide a higher security deposit."}
{"3169": "\n\nIt is recommended that you clarify with Bob regarding your current agreement or arrangement. If you are working as partners, it is advisable to have a written partnership agreement prepared by a lawyer who specializes in entity formation within the software industry. Even without a written agreement, you may still be legally considered a partnership if you are operating a business together. In this case, the partnership will have its own tax return, and the profits/losses will be allocated between the partners as agreed upon (often 50/50). These profits will be reported as self-employment income on your individual tax return. It is important to note that partnering will result in the loss of expense deductions, such as those claimed on a Schedule C, and home office deductions. Therefore, it is wise to include a clause in the partnership agreement stating that the partnership will reimburse partners for their out-of-pocket expenses. \n\nIn the event that Bob is hiring you as a contractor, you will provide your SSN and be issued a 1099, as with any other client. You will invoice him separately. The same applies to Joe; it is important to determine if you will be working with him as an independent contractor or as a partner. Regardless, you will owe income and self-employment tax on your profits. For partnership income, this amount will be reported on the K-1 from the partnership return. For independent contractors working as a sole proprietor, the income invoiced and received will be reported, as well as any associated expenses, including independent contractors that you hired, on Schedule C. \n\nIt is advisable to consult with a tax professional, preferably someone within your city and industry who is recommended by others, to discuss quarterly estimated payments and other tax-related matters. Please note that the information provided in this communication is for informational purposes and should not be used to avoid potential penalties under federal tax laws."}
{"3170": "\n\nNote: I live in Surrey and purchased my house in January 2014. If you lead a less social life, it is worth considering living outside London. There are many affordable places outside of the city where you can find better deals on houses or flats. Personally, I feel that London mortgages are too expensive and would like to question the logic behind only considering London as a place to live. The areas around London offer great places to live, excellent schools, and friendly neighborhoods that are removed from the noise of the city. Many people I work with commute from cities like Cambridge and Oxford into Central London every day and find it amusing that people only consider buying houses in London for the sake of it. The housing market seems to be inflated due to the finance market, and the London house market is different from the rest of the UK. Foreign investors tend to concentrate on the London property market, which inflates prices even more. Even high property taxes have not discouraged investment in the city. While it may be tempting to buy a house and rent it out, I urge caution unless the rent you receive is more than your mortgage payment. It's essential to secure a roof over your head first before thinking of profiting from property."}
{"3171": "\n\nGreat news! Your parent organization is tax-exempt, and there's a chance that your local organization may also qualify for this status. You can find even more information on this topic by exploring the national organization's guidelines. \n\nConcerning donations, it's important to note that charities are required by law to provide disclosure statements to donors who make quid pro quo contributions of over $75. A quid pro quo contribution is a payment that is partly a donation and partly for goods or services provided by the organization. For example, if a donor gives $100 to a charity in exchange for a concert ticket worth $40, only $60 would be considered tax-deductible, and the organization must still provide a disclosure statement. \n\nRegarding taxes, youth organizations like yours must file their own tax returns with the IRS, even while included under the group exemption number. If your gross receipts fall between $50,000 and $200,000, you'll need to submit Form 990 EZ with Schedule A. It's crucial to follow similar regulations for other youth groups, such as scouts, swim teams, or athletic organizations."}
{"3172": "\n\nThe Internal Rate of Return (IRR) is the discount rate, r*, that equates to a Net Present Value (NPV) of zero. In essence, this means that the IRR and NPV methods are two different approaches to evaluate profitability. You can either choose a project with NPV(10%)>0 or select a project with an IRR value greater than 10%. Ideally, both methods should lead to the same project selection. However, this is possible only when the mathematical calculations of the expected cash flows are accurate. Sometimes, the process of identifying the IRR involves solving for the roots of a polynomial equation that yields multiple possible solutions. In such cases, people usually select the lowest positive root. This method proves effective only when the project yields positive NPV values for r values less than r* and negative NPV values for r values greater than r*.\n\nTo clarify, suppose you want to evaluate a real estate project for a 10% return. You can either calculate the sum of discounted future cash flows (NPV) with r=10% and select the project if NPV is positive, or calculate the NPV as a function of the discount rate (r) and look for the value of r* where NPV=0. If IRR=r*>10% and the NPV function adheres to the previously described guidelines, you can proceed with the project selection.\n\nIn summary, when the possibility of multiple roots is not a concern, either of these methods will result in the same project selection that matches the 10% return requirement."}
{"3173": "\n\nRevised: Your account balance represents the total amount in your account. The term 'balance' refers to being equal, and its usage in finance originated from accounting. However, understanding that a balance signifies equality is all that matters. For instance, your 'account balance' is the total of your account, whether it comprises savings, electricity bills, or investment portfolio. Additionally, the position in your investment portfolio refers to your investment holdings. Suppose you buy 100 shares of Apple, then this translates to a 100 share position in Apple. Your position gets added to your account balance in your investment portfolio."}
{"3174": "\n\nI believe that a broker's ability to find shares to short should not be affected by the trading volume. While it is true that there may be more people attempting to short a stock during regular trading hours than in the pre-market, it is also true that many people are covering their shorts during regular trading hours. For stocks that are difficult to short, every instance of someone covering a short creates an opportunity for others to enter a short position. In the event that your broker rejects your short order due to a lack of available shares, I suggest continuing to place the order throughout the day as there may be a chance that you submit it right after someone else covered their short and before the next person can enter a short position. This strategy has worked for me in the past."}
{"3175": "\n\nHow about adding a coffee shop within the bookstore to generate additional monthly revenue and offset some of the expenses? The success of this venture will depend on the location, size of the shop, and whether there is a market for coffee enthusiasts in the area. As the rent/mortgage is already covered, the only expenses required are for the interior design (which could feature trendy rustic exposed brick walls, nostalgic filament lights, and a chalkboard menu), seating (including a big communal table, lounge couch, regular table chairs, and outdoor seats), and licensing and approval. Social media marketing, SEO, and review sites like Yelp, Urbanspoon, and TripAdvisor could also be utilized. A historic building could add to the unique and competitive edge of this coffee shop and attract more customers than a typical chain like Starbucks. Even if the shop fails, the recurring additional expense would only be the barista wages. Saving costs could be achieved by shopping for furnishings and equipment on community sites like Craigslist and Gumtree. In the future, premade food items like banana cake, raw cacao balls, and toasted panini sandwiches could be added. The three key ingredients to succeeding in the food industry are location, vibe, and taste. However, 95% of businesses fail in the first three years, so it is important to have an exit plan. The bookshop currently has a collection of old, self-published books that are not selling. To help boost sales, these books could be converted into e-books using providers like Blueleaf Book Scanning and published on Amazon Kindle, iTunes, and Play Store. This would give them exposure to a wider audience and potentially increase sales. While these suggestions apply to a US setting, they are worth considering for anyone looking to boost revenue and improve their business. Cheers and good luck!"}
{"3176": "\n\nRevised text: If you have held stocks for over a year, the only tax applicable is the STT already deducted when you sell them. But if you've held them for less than a year, you'll need to pay short-term capital gains of 15% on your profits. Additionally, it does not affect your taxes if you use your profits to purchase different shares."}
{"3177": "\n\nIt is not illegal for a vehicle to be registered under one person's name while someone else uses it. A straw purchase, typically involving firearms or assets, is an illicit acquisition where the purchaser attempts to evade a background check or conceal ownership by using a third party to make the purchase. In terms of insurance, owning a vehicle is not a prerequisite for procuring liability coverage that applies to any vehicle being operated. In essence, you are not engaging in any illegal or unethical activity. Your conscientiousness in verifying this is commendable."}
{"3178": "\n\nS&P's website provides a useful methodology link, which includes information on market capitalization for the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap 600 indices. To be eligible for inclusion in these indices, companies must have an unadjusted market capitalization of at least US$4.6 billion, US$1.2 billion to US$5.1 billion, and US$350 million to US$1.6 billion, respectively. The market cap of a potential addition is evaluated in conjunction with its industry's short- and medium-term historical trends. These ranges are periodically reviewed to ensure consistency with market conditions.\n\nIn addition to sufficient market capitalization, companies must meet liquidity requirements, including trading a minimum of 250,000 shares in each of the six months leading up to the evaluation date. The ratio of annual dollar value traded to float adjusted market capitalization should be 1.00 or greater.\n\nFinally, for index purposes, companies must be domiciled in the US, as determined by the US Index Committee."}
{"3179": "\n\n\"Nope, it's not legal\" can be revised as \"No, it is not legal.\" \n\nThe second sentence could be revised to read: \"If you possess information that is not publicly available (also known as 'inside' information), trading on it is considered insider trading, which is difficult to prove, but still illegal.\" \n\nTo clarify the third sentence, it can be revised as: \"However, if the CEO publicly discloses the information, it is not considered illegal insider trading.\" \n\nFinally, the last sentence could be revised to read: \"In any case, the CEO may face consequences, at the very least from their company.\""}
{"3180": "\n\nIf you have not received a W2 form, there are two scenarios to consider. In scenario one, if you believe that you have not received a W2 form because your employer did not send one or went out of business, you may file your taxes based on your last valid paycheck. In scenario two, if you believe that your employer has sent a W2 form to the wrong address or made some other mistake, you should calculate your taxes based on your final paychecks. Simply treat the gross amount of your check as equal to the sum of your taxes paid, while considering the net amount of the check as zero. This will ensure that your income increases by the proper amount, and you still receive credit for the taxes paid. However, remember that this may result in an overpayment of FICA taxes. If that\u2019s the case, use form 843 to receive a refund of excess FICA taxes. It\u2019s also important to verify the year-to-date (YTD) numbers on your final paychecks by comparing them with previous pay stubs. This will help you ensure that there weren\u2019t any errors when your employer realized that they were going out of business."}
{"3181": "\n\nThe key is to focus on real-time data. Each morning, I enjoy the convenience of quickly checking the current gains or losses of my individual stocks and bonds on my computer. While companies such as Ameritrade provide this service, it requires sign-up and active trading with them."}
{"3182": "\n\nWe frequently encounter this issue with our EU clients. To my understanding, the only invoicing requirements pertain to sales tax, which is determined at the state level and only applicable if items are taxable. Based on this, the service you received is not subject to tax under Californian law; hence, there is no legal obligation to provide you with the required invoice. However, as a gesture of goodwill, we would be pleased to send you one. Please note that we do not usually include the information necessary for EU tax authorities on our receipts. Nevertheless, if any of our EU clients request a formal invoice, we always accommodate the request with enthusiasm."}
{"3183": "\n\nAs you have lived in both NY and NJ, you will probably have to file in both states for the year 2013. However, for 2014 and onwards, you will definitely be considered a NY resident since you rent and live there, but you may also continue to be considered a NJ resident, given that your domicile is still there. It would be best to consult with an EA/CPA who is licensed in both NY and NJ to explore ways to avoid being a resident in both states, or to clarify whether it is just a matter of filing twice."}
{"3184": "\n\nThe hourly rate alone does not determine whether or not you need to register for GST/HST. If you sell widgets instead of hours, this applies even more so. The determining factor is an annual revenue threshold of $30,000 for GST/HST. If your business's annual revenues fall below this amount, you are not required to register for GST/HST, and in such cases, do not charge your clients the tax. But you may still choose to register voluntarily, especially if you plan on claiming input tax credits. Additionally, if your annual revenues surpass $30,000, you must register for GST/HST and charge your clients the tax. Although certain types of supplies may be exempt, your services as an independent contractor in Canada are unlikely to be. It's important to speak with a tax accountant for more information on GST/HST. References:"}
{"3185": "\n\nYou requested strategies that utilize deep in the money options. One such strategy is dividend mispricing, which involves an arbitrage play on ex-dividend dates using deep in the money options. Additionally, any spread strategy can make use of deep in the money options, depending on the desired width of the spread."}
{"3186": "\n\nRevised: Market capitalization, or market cap, is the current total value of a company's outstanding shares of stock. This is calculated by multiplying the current market price per share by the number of outstanding shares. An alternative measure of a company's total value is enterprise value, which adjusts the market cap for net debt. It is important to note that while new share issuance does increase the total number of shares outstanding, it generally does not have a significant impact on market cap due to the resulting dilution of existing shareholder value and often results in lower share prices."}
{"3187": "\n\nTo assess the risk exposure of your UK bank, we suggest you read this post and another dated one. According to BOE data, the UK bank exposure to Greece is currently under 6 billion pounds, which should ease any immediate concerns. However, the greatest concern is that other countries, such as Italy and Spain, could follow Greece's example, and the debts these countries have accumulated mean foreign banks, including UK banks, are greatly exposed (totaling 191.80 billion pounds for UK banks). This is not just a concern for UK banks, but for other EU banks, notably German ones exposed to Italy and Spain, and French ones. A recent article by Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics winner, Paul Krugman, highlights the gravity of this situation."}
{"3188": "\n\nThe purpose of this payment method is not to require individuals to pay off their entire debt at once, as it would be more sensible to have them pay off the debt rather than just the interest. Rather, the goal is to maintain a consistent payment amount each month, which is easier for most people to budget for. This is known as an annuity in the field of finance. While other methods, such as paying off a set amount of debt each month, could theoretically be used, they would result in varying monthly payments. An annuity ensures a constant cash flow. In finance, there are generally three methods of debt repayment: annuity, serial loan, and standing loan. An annuity involves fixed payments with higher interest payments initially and decreasing debt payments later. Serial loan features equally spread out debt payments with interest paid on the remaining debt, resulting in a decreasing cash flow over time. A standing loan only requires interest payments during the repayment period, with all debt paid back at the end of the loan. In Europe, a common practice is to combine a 30-year annuity with a 10-year standing loan, where interest is paid for the first 10 years, followed by a fixed monthly payment for the remainder of the loan. This approach is particularly useful for first-time buyers who may have lower salaries initially and require more flexibility at the beginning of their adult lives."}
{"3189": "\n\nTo the best of my recollection, the payment system involves a significant amount of interest payment at the outset. James Roth advises that you examine the loan agreement, especially the payment plan, which should outline the portion of the payment allocated towards interest and the outstanding balance."}
{"3190": "\n\nI am unsure about the customary accounting practices for handling this situation. However, I am interested in whether your accounting system supports subaccounts within bank accounts. If it does, it would make sense to create a subaccount titled 'Cheques Written' and transfer funds from the bank account to this subaccount when a cheque is written. Subsequently, when the cheque is cashed, the funds can be transferred from the 'Cheques Written' subaccount to the supplier. This approach would be beneficial for generating accurate bank statements by running a report that includes the subaccount. Additionally, to determine available funds, running a report without the subaccount would be useful."}
{"3191": "\n\nIs it typical for QuickBooks to categorize credit card expenses as liabilities? Is there a solution to fix this issue? Normally, expenses should not be classified as negative liabilities, unless you accidentally overpaid your credit card. It appears that the debit/credit mapping may have been confused when you linked your account. While I'm not familiar with QB Online, it seems as though you may need to unlink your account and move all pre-existing transactions to \"excluded.\" After you do this, link your account again and adjust the debit/credit mapping accordingly. Hopefully, there is a simpler solution. This QB community post seems to address the same concern."}
{"3192": "\n\nPayPal UK has a specific page for seller protection, which can be found at https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/seller-protection. It's essential to note that they don't rely solely on the seller's word, but instead follow a resolution process. To ensure optimal protection when selling, it's crucial to provide a delivery method that requires a signature upon receipt."}
{"3193": "\n\nThe first step is to contact the bank immediately. Additionally, do you have a copy of the loan agreement you signed? It's crucial to review it promptly. You want to ensure that the payments made contribute to your FICO score and not your mother's."}
{"3194": "\n\nWhat is the maximum amount that can be transferred from India to the USA per year? I understand that your father-in-law, who is an Indian citizen, needs to transfer his tax-paid earnings from India to another country. The RBI's Liberalized Remittance Scheme allows for transfers of up to USD 2,50,000. Please check with your bank for the required paperwork, which includes Form 15CA and 15CB (by CA) to establish that taxes have been paid. \n\nRegarding the destination of transfers, there are restrictions on transferring funds from an Indian company to a US company. Please consult a CA for details. If your father-in-law has sold his Indian company and paid the taxes in India, however, he can transfer the proceeds to his son in the US under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme. \n\nCan all of the funds be gifted to your husband without tax implications in either India or the US? Yes, your father-in-law can gift the entire amount to his son without any tax implications in India, as gift transfers between close relatives are tax-free. Your husband will not face any tax implications in the US either, as gift tax applies to the person giving the gift, and since your father-in-law is not a US citizen, this tax does not apply."}
{"3195": "\n\nYou should consult with a reputable tax adviser to discuss your situation. Insufficient documentation can result in challenges from the IRS. In general, business losses can be deducted in the year they occurred (2011), but it is essential to demonstrate that the loss was incurred through a legitimate business operation, not as a means to evade personal tax obligations. Insufficient documentation can weaken your ability to substantiate your eligibility for this deduction, placing the burden of proof on you. While it is still possible to amend your 2011 return, it is important to recognize that amended returns may be subject to increased scrutiny, particularly in cases where a significant business loss has occurred in a one-year-only operation. In theory, legitimate business losses are deductible, but without appropriate documentation, it can be difficult to persuade the IRS. Seeking advice from a tax professional is essential, as a significant business loss is worth fighting for, but only with expert guidance. Avoid attempting to resolve this on your own, as the odds of success are considerably lower."}
{"3196": "\n\nAccording to an article about traders losing money due to the Swiss franc's cap being removed against the euro, it appears that companies in this market are required to disclose the health of their accounts to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). FXCM, a U.S. retail FOREX brokerage, disclosed that the majority of their retail clients lost money in 2014, based on CFTC mandates. The number of losing accounts increased from 67 percent in the first and second quarters to 68 percent in the third quarter and 70 percent in the fourth quarter. The article also notes that the Swiss National Bank abandoned the currency's value cap against the euro in January 2015, but the data pertains to FXCM's clients in 2014. This suggests that it is more common for investors to not make a profit in FOREX trading, even without unexpected events like Switzerland's decision. These findings are consistent with responses from \"sdfasdf\" and \"Dario Fumagalli.\""}
{"3197": "\n\nAs your question pertains to US taxation, I will assume that is what you are referring to. You can continue to file jointly despite being members of a partnership, as this does not affect how you file your individual tax return. Each of you will receive a separate K-1 from the partnership, but you will report both of them on your joint tax return."}
{"3198": "\n\nInsiders are restricted from trading shares except during specific periods immediately after public disclosure of information. However, insiders still have financial obligations to fulfill such as paying bills and education expenses. To address this, insiders can establish a plan that sells shares according to a predetermined schedule without their control over the number of shares or timing. These plans are governed by rule 10b5-1 and allow insiders to generate cash flow without unfairly benefiting from inside information. As a result, sales made under these plans should be disregarded when evaluating insider trading and its impact on a company's fortunes."}
{"3199": "\n\nRevised: When credit markets freeze, junk bond prices tend to drop rapidly, leading to an increase in loan defaults. To seize an opportunity to benefit from this, one can invest in a diversified set of bonds during a market decline. For insights on this, consider evaluating charts of mutual funds or ETFs such as PIMCO High Yield Instl (PHIYX) or Northeast Investors (NTHEX). However, it is important to note that junk bonds do not holistically represent the economy and instead tend to cluster in specific industries, such as retail and finance. Moreover, it's worth remembering that the market for these bonds may not be as liquid as the stock market, so a sector investment in stocks trading daily could potentially be a more prudent option, as bond prices can be challenging to appraise."}
{"3200": "\n\nVivendi, a French media conglomerate, is listed on two different exchanges \u2013 the Paris Stock Exchange under the ticker VIV.PA, and the OTC Other Exchange under the ticker VIVEF. It is also listed on the OTC Pink Sheets under VIVHY. Companies may choose to be dual-listed to benefit from tax advantages across borders. With this structure, two corporations function as a single entity through an equalization agreement while retaining separate legal identities and stock exchange listings. Shareholders of each company agree to share risks and rewards of ownership in a fixed proportion. Despite theoretically identical stock prices, practical differences may exist, partly due to differing standards of regulation on OTC exchanges. We advise conducting additional research before taking any action. For more information on OTC exchanges, refer to the company that runs them."}
{"3201": "\n\nThe market may experience gaps during certain times. This could occur when news is released, causing the market to open higher or lower than its previous closing price. In the foreign exchange market, trading activity shifts between countries during different hours, which can also cause small price gaps. Price gaps can be triggered by various factors and may occur at the beginning of different timeframes. Daily charts for stocks often see price gaps at the start of a new trading day."}
{"3202": "\n\nThe NYSE and Nasdaq serve as secondary markets for the trading of stocks, while the process of creating new stocks through methods like IPOs and private placements is known as the Private Market."}
{"3203": "\n\nIf you plan to flip the property, consider using a construction loan or private money. A construction loan allows you to borrow money from a bank based on the value of the finished house, and the funds are released as each stage of construction or repairs is completed. You'll accrue interest during construction but won't have to make payments until everything is done. Private money works similarly, but you'll receive the full amount upfront, with a higher interest rate. However, if you're flipping, this interest rate is simply a cost of business. You can structure the deal any way you choose since it's a private loan. For instance, you may delay paying interest until the property is sold and then pay off the loan as a single balloon payment. Contact a mortgage broker to find private money. Private money is also an option if you intend to keep the property. After the repairs are finished, ask the bank to reassess the property value, and refinance based on the new amount. Then, pay off the private loan using the equity from the house and all the improvements made."}
{"3204": "\n\nI understand the situation you're in, as I have been in a similar one before. It seems that the company reimburses you at a flat rate without requiring receipts, which means that the $90 in expenses you mentioned are not directly relevant to the per diem paid. I see that you have created a separate category for Assets:Reimbursable:Gotham City, but unless taxes need to be reimbursed, this category is not necessary and only serves to organize your expenses. As there is no direct correlation between your expenses and the reimbursement, it would be best to list them as separate transactions. In the future, if you need to find all the expenses associated with the Gotham trip, you can search for \"Gotham\" in gnucash's memo text and view all related transactions. This method is more efficient than trying to determine which expenses are covered by the per diem or creating a new Asset account for every trip."}
{"3205": "\n\nIs there a specific term for the $20k amount owed? Would it fall under Trade Receivables, Accounts Receivables, or simply Receivables? Additionally, is there a separate designation for the estimated $30k total? Perhaps it could be classified as Current Assets, which encompasses Inventory and other short-term assets."}
{"3206": "\n\nLachlan initially has $600 cash and a car estimated at $500, totaling $1,100. He needs a loan of $20,700 to purchase a new car priced at $21,800. The finance company requires a 10% deposit, which translates to $2,180. This means Lachlan lacks the necessary funds for the deposit.\n\nThe car dealer suggests buying Lachlan's old car for $1,500 and selling the new car for $22,800. This way, Lachlan would have $2,100 ($600 cash + $1,500 for his old car). However, this is not enough to meet the 10% deposit requirement of $2,280, leaving Lachlan approximately $200 short.\n\nTo calculate the required amount for the price increase, we can start with Lachlan's initial funds plus the amount of increase being x. Hence, $1,100 + x is the deposit amount, and $21,800 + x is the new car's cost. Since the deposit should be 10% of the total cost, we can create an equation,  $1,100 + x = 10% of ($21,800 + x) = $2,180 + 0.1 x.\n\nSolving this equation, we get $1,200 as the needed price increase for both the old and new cars. With this increase, Lachlan can purchase the new car for $23,000, and his total funds at hand would be $2,300, making his deposit exactly $2,300.\n\nHowever, it is unknown if this approach will be acceptable by the finance company."}
{"3207": "\n\nTypically, a cosigner will not have any ownership of the vehicle as their role is to guarantee payment of the loan if the primary borrower fails to do so. You have two options if the primary borrower is not making payments. Firstly, you can stop making payments on their behalf which will result in the car being repossessed, and a negative credit impact for both you and the primary borrower. Alternatively, you can continue to make payments to safeguard your credit and take legal action against the primary borrower to recover the money you have paid. In the legal suit, you can request repayment of the money or transfer of ownership of the car's title. However, the primary borrower may object to both options, and a judge will determine the merit of your case. If the primary borrower picks up the payments, you can still pursue legal action for the money you have paid by providing documentation such as bank statements. Note that the finance company's statements may not show who made the payments."}
{"3208": "\n\nIn order to use the Companion Fare Discount Code offered with the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature\u00ae Card, The Platinum Plus\u00ae MasterCard\u00ae, or the Visa\u00ae Business Card, you must purchase both tickets in a single transaction, and the purchased ticket cannot be bought with miles. The first ticket must be purchased at full price, while the companion fare can be purchased using the discount code, and will cost $99 plus fees ($118 in the provided example). If the regular price for the flight is $500, you will be able to book both tickets for $618 (one fare at $500 and a companion fare at $118). \n\nThe Companion Fare Discount Code allows the cardholder to purchase one round-trip coach companion fare on Alaska Airlines for $121 (USD), which includes a base fare of $99 plus applicable taxes and fees starting at $22 (depending on the itinerary), when traveling with another passenger on a paid published coach airfare on the same itinerary, booked at the same time. Mileage cannot be used as a form of payment, but both travelers are eligible to earn mileage credit. Please note that the travelers are also responsible for all taxes, fees, surcharges, and applicable checked baggage fees. The Companion Fare Discount Code is not valid with award travel and cannot be combined with other discounts. Source: Alaska Air Companion Fare Q&A"}
{"3209": "\n\nYou are correct that if the total value of all outstanding GOOG shares and GOOGL shares were both $495B, then Alphabet's market cap would be at least $990B. However, it is unclear if there are other factors that should also be taken into account. \n\nAs it stands, the current values of total outstanding GOOG and GOOGL shares are significantly lower. I retrieved the current figures from Google Finance, and they are as follows:"}
{"3210": "\n\nRevised: It's worth mentioning that there are some incredible deals that require you to act fast before anyone else gets their hands on them. These deals aren't necessarily limited to Black Friday sales, but rather, when someone decides to sell an expensive item, like a Porsche, for as little as $1000. While these deals aren't always common, having liquid investments can ensure that you're well-prepared to capitalize on them, instead of regretting it later. As an example, I recently utilized some of my emergency funds to purchase real estate. It required several months for me to finance the property correctly due to some legal issues with the deed involving a deceased person's name, but in the end, I expect to earn far more than I could have with that same money invested elsewhere."}
{"3211": "\n\nFrom the Indian context, several factors are influencing the economic condition and reflecting in the exchange rates and interest rates. Using India as an example, I will try to answer the question. For the last 6-7 years, India has been running a budget deficit of around 4%, meaning that the government is spending more than it is collecting in revenue. To cover this deficit, the government has to print money, which can either directly account for the 4% or cover the interest it has to pay on the money it borrows. This printing of money causes an increase in the supply of INR compared to USD in the market, resulting in the value of INR falling with respect to USD. Additionally, this leads to an increase in money supply in the domestic market, which in turn causes inflation and a rise in overall prices.\n\nTo curb this price rise, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) increases the interest rates and the Compulsory Reserve Ratio (CRR) to control the money supply. However, there is a limit to what RBI can do as overall growth rates decrease because money becomes more expensive to borrow and invest. It is crucial to note that the economy has many factors involved, and the above explanation should be treated as simplistic insight only."}
{"3212": "\n\nEffective communication is vital. I recommend taking courses on this topic and on budgeting and family financial planning together. Learning to communicate your financial plans, goals, and actions, while being honest and open with your partner, is crucial. Ensure that you both agree on the decisions you make. Start by drafting a budget that you both agree to follow. There are online budgeting tools available, and tracking planned versus actual expenses on a spreadsheet may help inform your choices. Adjust the following percentages based on your priorities: Essentials (<50% of net income), Financial (>20%), and Lifestyle (<30%) for discretionary expenses. Some expense categories require special attention. Housing costs should stay below 25% of your income, unless you live in a high-cost/rent area. Vehicle expenses should be limited to below 10% of income or budgeted partially from Lifestyle. Additionally, limiting your auto payment to 5% of your income may be wise. Examine expenses such as cable TV and cell phones with constrained budgets in mind. Dining out can also negatively impact your budget, and preparing more meals at home may be a more cost-effective solution. Lastly, based on your specific priorities, follow the necessary steps to stick to your budget."}
{"3213": "\n\nFull disclosure, I am currently employed by Brokerchooser, an aggregation startup dedicated to helping clients find their ideal online broker. It's important to note that brokers like FxPro mostly deal in CFD/FX trading. For those interested in trading stocks, it's crucial to work with a broker registered as a member of an exchange, such as LSE. A comprehensive listing of such brokers can be found here: http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/traders-and-brokers/membership/member-firm-directory/member-firm-directory-search.html Based on our tests at Brokerchooser.com, we recommend the following brokers:"}
{"3214": "\n\nAn ETF manager limits the creation and redemption of ETF shares to designated financial organizations known as Authorized Participants (APs). These APs possess sufficient resources to package shares they already own and hold, aligning them with the requirements of the ETF. For the EDEN ETF, this portfolio aligns with the MSCI Denmark Index. Only APs can engage directly with the ETF manager, bundling up portfolios of shares and delivering them in exchange for the corresponding number of shares in the ETF. Note that no cash exchanges hands in this transaction. Investors do not transact business directly with the ETF manager, but rather purchase and sell ETF shares in the market via the AP. \n\nWhen ETF shares require redemption, the AP will deliver these shares to the ETF manager, receiving the corresponding portfolio of shares in return, again avoiding any cash exchange. Established and liquid ETFs normally witness small purchases and sales of ETF shares between individual investors in the market. If an AP needs to transact business with an investor, either buying or selling ETF shares, they may do so. In the event that an AP has insufficient ETF shares to meet demand, they will bundle up a portfolio and deliver it to the ETF provider, receiving the required ETF shares in return. If a large number of investors sell off ETF shares, the AP may end up holding an excessive number of ETF shares, which they will deliver to the ETF manager in exchange for the corresponding portfolio of underlying shares. This approach prevents any significant impacts on share prices of underlying portfolios, as those shares are not sold in the market but returned to the AP in exchange for ETF shares. Again, note that no cash is exchanged in this transaction. Dividends and distributions to ETF holders follow the same scheme."}
{"3215": "\n\nRevised: It is possible for someone working at your bank or your HR department to access your information. Even the wait staff at a restaurant where you use your credit card technically have access to your information. Similarly, someone could break into your house while you are at work and steal your belongings. However, when it comes to using Mint, it is important to evaluate the risk. You are aware that your accounts are vulnerable and that your money could be stolen. But, there are factors that make it less likely to happen such as Intuit\u2019s interest in preventing theft from happening. You can independently check Mint\u2019s statements and also compare the information with the bank\u2019s statements. Plus, in case of a theft, legal regulations provide you the opportunity to be compensated. However, if the risk of theft concerns you, then it may not be worth it to use Mint. If you use the same computer for both social media and online banking, then it is probably not worrying you. Finally, it is up to your personal preference and risk tolerance whether or not using Mint is acceptable."}
{"3216": "\n\nRevised: If the difference in your portfolio is only 3-4% or less, it's best to avoid making too many changes. As for purchasing shares, opt for the cheapest option, such as Goog instead of Googl, as the latter only offers symbolic voting rights. Additionally, most people don't attend shareholders' meetings anyway. However, if you have a substantial amount invested in a company, it may be worth calculating and taking the time to get an extra percentage point or two from your purchases. The ultra-wealthy may have more time to spare, but the rest of us are focused on making ends meet, so it's wise to only check our portfolios a couple of times a year, as suggested by Buffett."}
{"3217": "\n\nIt appears to be a 50-50 chance. Nonetheless, what you possess is commendable. If you are able to allocate ample amount of spare time outside your $50k job, you can utilize it to establish a business. Considering you are someone who takes action and goes after opportunities, this could be a good fit for you. Which profession aligns more with your passion and purpose? Assuming all factors are equal, the job that brings greater fulfillment should take precedence, don't you agree?"}
{"3218": "\n\nIf your base rate is based on USD LIBOR, you may easily calculate this information through my website. By analyzing futures contracts and historical data, my platform provides interest rate scenarios for your calculations. Access the website here: http://www.mortgagecalculator3.com/. In the event that your rate index varies, you can still generate your own scenarios and determine the impact on your payments."}
{"3219": "\n\nRevised: These indices attempt to replicate the VIX but do not have underlying constituents. Therefore, they will always have some deviation from exact numbers but should follow the general pattern. It is correct that the presented graphs differ substantially, but this is due to their different starting dates. To address this, placing them all on one graph shows that the funds broadly followed the VIX over five years, even when some began their investments during this period. The funds declined faster than the VIX starting from 2012, which can be attributed to lower returns on volatility. The recent narrowing gap in the graphs indicates an interest in betting on volatility following recent events. The consistent decline of the VIX over time can be attributed to improved economic conditions and a decrease in the risk of European countries defaulting. In summary, while the funds follow the VIX, their values are based on underlying capital, which has been decreasing as returns on volatility decrease, thus causing a divergence from the VIX but still broadly following it on the new basis."}
{"3220": "\n\nRevise:\nIt is essential to conduct your own research as there are numerous sources offering various recommendations, which can be as noisy as the stock market. Therefore, you must become your own filter and rely on your instincts. Select a few sectors and study them along with a few stocks in each. While it's essential to keep tabs on the main indexes, it's crucial to focus primarily on individual sectors if you're not trading the indexes."}
{"3221": "\n\nInstead of referring to the asset class as \"stocks,\" I prefer calling it \"equity.\" Similarly, instead of referring to bonds, I opt for the term \"fixed income.\" With this more general terminology, GICs would fall under the fixed income category."}
{"3222": "\n\nThere are several questions regarding the way you are tracking your income and expenses. If you run the bakery as a Sole Proprietor and keep all your income and expenses in a business account, then things become simpler. You are only required to pay tax on your profit within the standard tax bracket. However, if you are running it as an individual, you still have to pay tax on profit and not turnover, but you must maintain a proper record of accounts that reveal the income and expenses. It is advisable to enlist the services of an accountant who can assist you in categorizing certain items as claimable expenses while excluding others."}
{"3223": "\n\nDuring my freshman year in high school at Ann Arbor, MI public schools, we had a \"civics\" class that covered the fundamentals of money management such as how to balance your checkbook, what are stocks, how do income taxes work, and what is interest. The class also provided an overview of politics and the legal system. However, the course only superficially touched on personal finance and money management. I concur that a more in-depth class on personal finance and money management would be highly valuable. Additionally, I believe that courses on cooking, nutrition, and basic home and car repair would also be beneficial."}
{"3224": "\n\nThere are various strategies to make money from this situation, but as Ben pointed out, the stock price drops on the dividend date, making straightforward methods ineffective. However, there are schemes that exploit dividend taxation based on nationality, and others that utilize American Options to take advantage of unexercised options according to market rules."}
{"3225": "\n\nIs the current stock price the price at which all shares can be sold to new investors? Not necessarily. This is because the current bid/offer always has specific quantities associated with it. Instead, you should be looking at the consolidated price to buy or sell a specific number of shares (e.g. 10 billion may not be feasible as not everyone may be willing to buy or sell). By examining the spread of the consolidated price at your quantity level, you will notice a significant difference from the spread of the best bid/offer. This consolidated price is, by definition, the price to buy or sell a specific number of shares to new investors.\n\nTo calculate the consolidated price for X shares, you must go through the order book and determine the size-weighted average price until you reach the desired number of shares. For example, the consolidated price for 3000 shares may be $39.80, while the consolidated price for 2000 shares may be $39.90."}
{"3226": "\n\nThere are now restrictions on the amount a company can pay a child employee based on the nature of their work. Previously, there were no regulations on this matter, but now employers must pay a reasonable wage that corresponds to the duties performed. It is not permissible for a company to pay a child $100/hr while others performing the same job are receiving minimum wage. One might wonder why parents would opt to pay their child an exorbitant wage. The answer lies in the fact that the salary paid to a child is tax-deductible for the company while the child can use that money to cover their expenses like hockey fees, equipment, field trips, and birthday presents, as well as save for their post-secondary education. Thus, the family budget can expand, allowing parents to lower their own pay if they have financially demanding children. This results in more net income for the business and reduced total income tax for the family, even with the same total income. My concern is that if parents are unaware that minimum wage applies regardless of family relationship, then they may also not know how to handle other matters such as EI deductions and summer student subsidies. Therefore, the company's accountant should assist in such matters as they generally should have a thorough knowledge of applicable laws and policies. It is not the responsibility of a 14-year-old employee to seek this knowledge online, as that is the responsibility of the business owners."}
{"3227": "\n\nWhen discussing real estate, you will often hear general rules of thumb. Similar to the adage that one should only buy stocks if they plan to hold them for more than X years, there are periods where buying at the bottom of the market just before it turns up can put you ahead only months after purchasing. Buying below market value can also put you ahead on the day you close the sale. \n\nI maintain, with support from Schiller's data, that real estate prices rise with inflation in the long term, and no more. If the rise were perfectly smooth and correlated 100% month to month, it would take X years to break even on the costs of buying, commission, and closing, which we can estimate at about 8%. If inflation averages 3%, then a holding period of around 3 years would be required to break even. However, as real estate prices rise and fall in the short term, there are periods where real estate lags, taking longer than 4 years to catch up, and periods where it rises faster, putting you ahead of the costs involved. \n\nBuying versus renting is an additional consideration. If you happen upon a tight rental market, you may buy a property, see it decline in value by 10%, and still end up ahead of someone who rented when the costs are calculated."}
{"3228": "\n\nUpon reflection, I came to realize that a stock's value is independent of its number of shares. However, I am uncertain, and I defer to your expertise. Indeed, share price alone is insufficient in evaluating an investment's quality. For example, Google's stock is currently priced at $700 per share while Apple's sells for only $100 per share. However, this disparity does not reveal anything about the companies and the worth of their stocks. Before investing, one must study the company's financials and decide whether it is worth owning, and if it is, then evaluate if the stock's current price aligns with its true value."}
{"3229": "\n\nI urge you to consider this home purchase decision as an opportunity to invest in a community where you want your children to grow up. Look for a place where you can envision yourself being happy for the next two decades, rather than just the next two to seven years. Given your circumstances, I do not recommend option 1 as it may impede your plans of having children, rather than providing them with a place to call home. \nOption 2 can be likened to a \"house on a layaway plan\", providing the most financial flexibility and the best long-term outcome by purchasing a property in an established and known quality area. However, before making a decision, consider asking yourselves some tough questions. Are you prepared to deal with the mess and hassle of remodeling? Do you have the design skills to undertake such projects on your own? Can you afford to pay for the projects gradually as they occur, or do you need to finance them through a HELOC? \nIf you both undertake the work yourselves, it is crucial to perform the projects in small pieces to ensure the time and expenses are manageable, and you are happy with the end result. You do not want to be continuously reminding your partner about incomplete work, which can cause resentment. Additionally, I suggest you review my previous post on Home Improvement Stack Exchange, where I have suggested some methods to finish a basement efficiently. \nOption 2 may be less risky than option 3. Option 3 has its uncertainties; you cannot predict the type of people who will live in the neighborhood five to twenty years from now. Will they be homeowners or renters? Will they care for children's upbringing, or will kids grow up in broken homes? Will the schools be up-to-standard, disappointing, or unsafe? However, within an established neighborhood, you can have a glimpse of how the community currently is and how it has evolved over time. You do not have control over the quality of construction unless you build or remodel yourself. Some homes constructed by Pulte in the last decade have been plagued with defects. \nFurthermore, when purchasing a newly constructed home, you pay for several features that you may not require. In some cases, these features may interfere with your future plans. In stable markets, new homes, especially those with many upgrades, tend to decline in value during the first few years as the value of these upgrades wears off. And finally, consider if the homes on the edge of town are within walking distance to essential amenities such as school, grocery stores, parks, and such. And also, consider if the commute from the edge of town to work might get worse over the next five to twenty years."}
{"3230": "\n\nThere seems to be a misunderstanding regarding your question. You mention that you should have lost $0.04, but there appears to be a missing $0.02 that cannot be accounted for within the Robinhood fees schedule, assuming the prices are correct. According to the schedule, for US-listed stocks, the total fee rate is 0.002329% or 0.00002329 multiplied by the price of the trade, which, in your case, amounts to around $0.000256 or approximately 1/40 of a penny for trades totaling around $11. The mysterious missing $0.02 could be due to Robinhood charging $0.01 for any fraction of a penny, which can be perceived as an act of avarice."}
{"3231": "\n\nLet's start by making a few assumptions. Firstly, there are multiple ways of achieving a (almost) perfect hedge, each varying in complexity. However, it's important to note that each alternative comes with a certain cost, which may be small in the case of forwards or futures, and large in the case of CFDs or debit. Additionally, it's crucial to keep in mind that the hedge will never be perfect, but it will bring you close to the desired outcome. Finally, you will need to make a decision on whether you want to hedge the unrealized P&L on the position and how often you should do so."}
{"3232": "\n\nBy default, the $1K in funds serves as your emergency fund. In urgent situations, emergency funds may need to come from debt or credit capacity, so focus on building your credit to leverage lower rates for necessary living expenses. Profitable organizations and proprietors borrow at a lower cost of capital than their returns. Join your local credit union and take advantage of its current rates of 4.07% for the first $500 in both your checking and savings accounts. You may join as a \"family member\" by connecting with me (Karl Erdmann) online. Their incentive program offers $100 for joining and establishing a checking and savings account. If you're aiming for a score of 600 before applying, there may be some institutions that have a lower threshold to risk, so consider your options carefully.\n\nWeb services have significantly improved the layman's ability to cost-effectively invest funds and provide liquidity. Robinhood currently offers the most affordable access to the market, although you should remain objective and aware of how the platform makes its money to mitigate any risk. Plan a diversified portfolio utilizing a mix of securities, such as low Beta stocks or \"blue-chip\" companies with clear dividend policies, and also consider casting votes on decisions in shareholder meetings if you invest in equities. \n\nA popular investment asset class, although less liquid, is real estate. Look up the economist \"Matthew Rognlie\" for more information about his work on income equality in this type of investment. If you are a first-time home buyer, there are incentives available to help you save up for a down payment. Consider adding a Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) to your portfolio to gain a market position, or join a commercial property cooperative organization, such as the NorthEast Investment Cooperative.\n\nIf your focus is on equities, consider taking an Accounting Capstone course at your college to learn more about the details of fundamental and technical analysis of an organization. Investing is complex and involves cyclical risk, macro and micro economic factors, understanding financial statements and their notes, cash flow forecasting - discounting, market timing, and a host of other details that can be found on Wikipedia. \n\nInitial investment decisions by unsophisticated investors are mostly whimsical and will most likely add up to learning opportunities. However, risk is inherent in all things, including sitting on cash that pays the price of inflation. A promising mindset in long-term investments is in organizations that focus on conscious business practices. Becoming familiar with different ideas from professions in diverse backgrounds and simulating decisions in portfolios can prove helpful.\n\nAuthors and outlets that may have insightful ideas, include MIT Tech Reviews (Informative), Bloomberg TV (free, informative), John Mackey (businessman), Paul Mason (provocative journalist), and Google finance. Use the \"cost basis\" feature for paper or real trades when using Google Finance. Start with these ideas and enjoy the journey! Aim for real value with your resources."}
{"3233": "\n\nI am curious about how the forecast for the \"future cash flows of the asset\" is made. Would it be done using the fundamental and/or technical analysis methods? There are various ways to forecast an asset's future cash flows. For companies, calculating the expected/required rate using the CAPM model is considered quantitative analysis that employs mathematics and statistics, rather than relying on economic data. As for technical analysis, it is often associated with graphical analysis or chartism, but it can also mean quantitative analysis.\n\nRegarding the comparison of an asset's price, I wonder what type of price is usually evaluated against another. Typically, it is compared to the net asset value (book value), the discount cash flows (intrinsic value), the price of comparable companies, and the CAPM, all relative to the current market price.\n\nIn response to the question about comparing the different types of prices, the last sentence of the quote states that the observed price (market price) is the one being compared. Keep in mind that an asset is deemed correctly priced when its estimated price equals the present value of its future cash flows. This is where the CAPM model comes in handy, as it provides an expected rate of return that can be utilized to calculate the present value of future cash flows and determine whether the asset's price is reasonable. Check out my post on valuation strategies for more insights."}
{"3234": "\n\nRevising: It's not wise to refinance a car unless you can secure a lower interest rate. It's best to maintain the current term or opt for a shorter one. Keep in mind that unlike real property, a car's value depreciates over time. If you opt for an 84-month loan, the payments will be amortized, and the interest will be front-loaded. The issue with this is that if your car gets totaled within the first few years, insurance will only pay for its current value, which may be less than what you owe on it."}
{"3235": "\n\nRevised text: There are several factors to consider in your situation. Being away for 2.5 years categorizes you as an NRE. However, you are earning a salary from India for work done outside the country, which makes things a bit complex. It would be advisable to consult with a professional CA, who can provide better guidance on this matter. If you were not receiving an Indian salary, any income earned outside the country would be non-taxable and can be transferred to your NRE account. It's important to note that, as per regulations, an NRI cannot hold a savings account. Point 3 is more relevant if you are on a short visit."}
{"3236": "\n\nThe Yahoo Finance API is no longer available, which resulted in the malfunction of the Finance:Quote Perl module. However, the developers of Finance:Quote were prompt to rectify the issue and have released numerous updated versions in the past few weeks. To resolve the problem, you need to update Finance:Quote, acquire a free key from AlphaVantage, and modify your securities in the Price Editor to use AlphaVantage as the online quote source for Gnucash."}
{"3237": "\n\nRevised: To provide accurate advice, I require additional information as all aspects of your investment strategy must be taken into consideration. It is not enough to own numerous stocks if your portfolio is not diversified. There are alternative investment options available besides stocks and bonds. When it comes to international investments, it is crucial to identify the countries to invest in to minimize risks. If you are nearing retirement, investing more conservatively might be wise. Seeking financial guidance that accounts for your goals, financial competency, and individual needs is recommended."}
{"3238": "\n\nThe concept of a free lunch is a fallacy. The 2% fee indirectly covers the cost of funds and, essentially, functions as a personal loan. Typically, the repayment period lasts for three months and amounts to a loan interest rate of approximately 7-9%, depending on the repayment schedule. Attempting to negotiate a waiver of the fee is not harmful; however, it is important to be cautious as this could potentially trigger a credit inquiry or other related consequences."}
{"3239": "\n\nAs a technical trader, it's crucial to be aware of upcoming events and adequately prepare for them. While you can't anticipate everything, knowing the earnings dates and general market trends is important. Understanding the personality of individual stocks is also essential. Nonetheless, the most significant aspect of trading is determining when to exit a position before entering it and sticking to that decision, even if the market goes against you. Although this may be one of the most challenging components of trading, it's crucial for success."}
{"3240": "\n\nAccording to 12 USC 1759 (b), credit unions must abide by the law and limit their membership to specific groups with a \"common bond\" or individuals residing in a defined geographic region. The National Credit Union Administration, the regulatory agency overseeing credit unions, provides comprehensive guidance on the interpretation and enforcement of this requirement. For further information, refer to the manual provided to credit unions."}
{"3241": "\n\nI initially assumed that credit card companies charge retailers for accepting credit card payments. So, if you make a $100 purchase, the retailer would pay a fee of $1 (or a negotiated percentage) to the credit card provider. When paying with cash, the retailer is not charged a fee, but when you pay $1 fee to Visa while paying with cash, it results in a loss for the retailer. If the same transaction happens for a product worth $100, the retailer bears the loss from their profit margin, which they accept to attract customers."}
{"3242": "\n\nIt's advisable to seek the assistance of an expert for this matter. Consider someone recommended by a church, homeless shelter, food pantry, office of unemployment, office of disability or Veterans services who can provide guidance on how to maximize support for your father. It's important to understand what kind of assistance you can provide without diminishing his overall support. Additionally, there may be other resources available to you."}
{"3243": "\n\nCan we clarify whether item (5) counts as unpaid wages and falls high on the hierarchy of bankruptcy? Actually, no. It's classified as unsecured debt and ranks towards the bottom. If you have the plan documents, check if they mention a \"rabbi trust.\" That signifies that the funds are stored separately from the company's standard accounts and instead placed with a financial institution like Fidelity."}
{"3244": "\n\nIn my opinion, adopting an aggressive investment strategy is suitable because I have a longer period until I need to remove the funds. It is crucial to consider your personality type and willingness to tolerate market volatility, which can be highly unpredictable at times (as was evident in the 2008-2009 financial crisis). However, determining the appropriate approach is challenging as each individual's situation is unique, and everyone must evaluate their options carefully."}
{"3245": "\n\nAlthough I am not a legal or tax expert, I strongly recommend keeping your original receipts as a source of evidence. It is true that anything can be forged or manipulated at some level, but a photo of a receipt is even further removed from the original. A mere listing on a website does not provide sufficient proof. It is advisable to keep your original receipts for at least seven years as the IRS may still investigate any signs of fraud even after the audit process is complete. By keeping your original receipts for that long, you can ensure that you have solid evidence to protect yourself."}
{"3246": "\n\nRevised: Empirical Evidence Supporting the Credit Creation Theory: Can Banks Create Money Out of Thin Air? \u2014 Examining the Theories and Evidence. This study investigates whether individual banks have the ability to create money out of nothing when granting loans. The traditional fractional reserve and financial intermediation theories suggest that banks transfer funds from other accounts to make loans available. However, after examining the process by which loaned money is deposited into a borrower's account, it was discovered that no transfer from internal or external accounts occurred. Therefore, both theories were rejected. Instead, it was found that the bank generated new funds by crediting the borrower's account with a deposit, without the need for an actual deposit. These findings support the credit creation theory, indicating that individual banks do indeed create credit and money from scratch when granting so-called \"bank loans.\" Loans are not made with existing funds, but rather new money is brought into existence, essentially created from nothing. This unique power is, to our knowledge, the first time in banking's five-thousand-year history that empirical evidence has demonstrated how individual banks create credit and money. Essentially, money is produced as if by magic, with banks morphing thin air into a credible asset."}
{"3247": "\n\nThe statement, \"Speculation is when someone else makes an investment you don't like,\" may be humorous, but there is truth to it. Attempts to differentiate between speculation and other investment strategies often devolve into moral judgments on the value of pure \"buy and hold\" methods. For instance, is shorting an oil stock more speculative than investing in alternative energy stocks and holding them? However, some economists dispute the morality behind such distinctions and suggest that we should view speculation in the same way we view investment, free from moral judgments."}
{"3248": "\n\nMany brokers, including mine, offer a table format called \"Course of Sale\" that displays the time, price, and volume of each trade made in a day. Some charting programs also let you view this data through a Tick by Tick chart. This setting marks every trade made and shows its size through the volume."}
{"3249": "\n\nThe impact on your score from those two hard inquiries will be minimal since you applied for both credit cards consecutively. This is because credit bureaus perceive this as credit card shopping and will record it as a single hard inquiry on your score. However, if you had applied for the two cards days apart, your score would have been affected by two hard inquiries. For additional information, refer to the \"What to know about rate shopping\" section here."}
{"3250": "\n\nIt is recommended that you seek advice from a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA) for tax-related inquiries and a lawyer for liability protection concerns. The answers to these questions cannot be found here. Regarding taxes, both options have no difference in liability protection (seek verification from a lawyer), as personal cosigning is required in either case. If you loan to the LLC, all information will be included in the 1065 form, and your K-1 will be transferred to your own tax return. On the other hand, loan interest will be considered a personal investment expense (Schedule A deduction), and the loan proceeds transferred to the LLC will add to your basis. If possible, it is advised to get the loan under the LLC's name to limit personal liability. However, lawyers warn that this action may void the mortgage agreement due to the \"Due on Sale\" clause. Although invoking this clause is uncertain, it is still a possibility if the title is transferred. While living trusts differ from LLCs, lenders may still call on the loan if you retitle it as the LLC is considered a separate legal entity."}
{"3251": "\n\nAssuming you now make more than what you used to as a student, let's figure out how you can save that extra income. All calculations should be done after taxes. First, determine your cost of living, including housing, utilities, and basic necessities. Don't factor in food costs unless they were subsidized during school. Calculate how much you're spending on basic sustenance. Once you know that, compare it to how much more you're making now. Subtract the sustenance cost from your new income to get your net pay increase.\n\nAfter this, it gets more complicated. While you want to save as much of your pay increase as possible, you now have more expenses compared to your student life. These costs could be anything from transportation to clothing, so decide on a savings goal as a percentage of your net pay increase, such as 5%, 10%, or even 50%. Keep in mind that the amount you choose must be reasonable given your living expenses.\n\nFind a financial institution with a high-interest savings account, preferably with free withdrawals, and sign up. Every payday, transfer the percentage you chose into your savings account. If your pay amount doesn't change, you can automate this transfer. Try to live on the remaining amount, but don't hesitate to withdraw from your savings account if necessary. Adjust your deposits and expenses accordingly each month.\n\nAt the end of each month, deposit any amount left from your regular account into your savings account, and consider increasing your savings goal if you've saved a substantial amount. The ultimate goal is to have a decently sized nest egg that you only tap into in exceptional situations while still having enough money outside of your savings account to treat yourself occasionally.\n\nRemember that the goal is not to make money but to figure out how much you need to maintain your chosen lifestyle. Stick to your savings plan for several months to a year, and you'll eventually find an amount you feel comfortable setting aside each month. Whenever you receive a net pay raise, increase your savings goal by a portion of that raise (e.g., give yourself 60% of the increase and bank the remaining 40%).\n\nOne main benefit of this approach is that if you lose your job, you'll have a nest egg and a lower monthly expense, which puts you in a better position than having neither."}
{"3252": "\n\nFirstly, if an account is jointly held, the surviving account holder usually inherits the debt. In the case of joint accounts, assets typically have their own instructions for distribution. For example, full joint bank accounts immediately transfer to the other account holder and do not become part of the estate. Non-monetary assets may need to be converted to cash and undergo a fair market valuation for probate, unless they can be transferred to the next of kin without being sold. If the deceased has remaining assets, a legally defined order determines which debts are to be paid first (this varies by state) during probate. During this process, a death notice is published and outstanding bills and debts are paid in order of priority. If there are insufficient assets to pay all debts, court approval may be necessary. Any remaining assets are then dispersed to the next of kin. If there are no assets held singularly by the deceased, any bills received can be ignored by sending a certified copy of the death certificate indicating there is no estate to claim. While handling probate is neither simple nor cheap, a lawyer's assistance can be beneficial in determining which debts require payment and managing the probate process. It's important to note that creditors may consider accepting a lesser payment if there are assets available. In the case of the writer's mother's passing, the hospitals accepted reduced payment, but not the credit card companies who demanded full payment."}
{"3253": "\n\nRevised: Filing for bankruptcy may be the best solution for you, but it is important to know that it can significantly impact your credit for 7 to 10 years. However, after 3 years, you may be able to obtain small lines of credit to start rebuilding your credit. Learning from your mistakes is essential, and there is no shame in making them. To rebuild your credit, you can start with small credit lines, such as those from Fingerhut or a $300 limit unsecured credit card from Capital One. Additionally, a $1500 personal loan to purchase an older car instead of saddling yourself with car payments may be an option. You can also inquire about a secured credit card from your bank to begin building credit using your own money. \n\nIt is important to note that some banks view a bankruptcy as an advantage because they know you cannot file again for several years. You can also obtain a new car loan with a good interest rate by making a sizable down payment, such as $5000 of your $15,000 savings. However, it is wise not to exhaust all of your savings. Instead, keep your new credit accounts manageable and pay them on time. Consulting with a lawyer is strongly recommended, and continuing your education will help you start fresh and avoid mistakes, such as taking out upside-down loans. Ignore naysayers who believe that bankruptcy is bad\u2014it can be the best option when it comes to overwhelming debt."}
{"3254": "\n\nFirstly, it should be noted that owning a stock represents a share of ownership within the company. If there is an alternative interpretation, I would like to see supporting evidence. Secondly, it is important to recognize that when shares are initially sold through an IPO or secondary offering, the company does receive proceeds from that sale. Though others may profit in the future, it should be acknowledged that many companies rely on secondary offerings, convertible debt, incentive stock options, and restricted stock down the road. These options are all dependent on the current trading share price and are used to fund operations, pay executives, and more. Thirdly, it is important to acknowledge that acquiring a significant proportion of a company's shares may grant control of said company. Though this may not be the focus of the mentioned scenario, it is still a relevant point as individuals may acquire stocks with the goal of taking over the company. Generally, a more overarching strategy exists, but obtaining 50%+1 control of the company's voting shares is critical to achieving such a goal."}
{"3255": "\n\na) The simple explanation for the observed correlation is linked to quantitative easing. Essentially, the central bank has been intentionally devaluing the US dollar, which in turn has been driving up prices for all types of goods, including stocks. Although the stock market appears to have rebounded from its 2009 lows, this may be more of an illusion than reality. Nonetheless, in cases where the correlation is not present, other meaningful factors may be at play, such as improved corporate earnings or genuine economic growth.\n\nb) The thinkorswim trading platform includes charts for dollar futures, identified by the symbol /dx."}
{"3256": "\n\nI would categorize it as either an intangible or indirect benefit, but I am uncertain about the specific industry term."}
{"3257": "\n\nIf the stock you purchased is currently trading below its purchase price, it may not be possible to exit the position without taking a loss immediately. However, it is important to remember the reasons that originally led to the purchase of the stock and to consider holding it until it recovers. Selling at a loss may result in a pattern of consistently buying high and selling low, which is not a desirable outcome. On the other hand, if you believe that the stock is unlikely to recover and will continue to decline, selling immediately to cut your losses may be the better option. There are scenarios in which professionals use futures to reduce risk, but this is a complicated approach that carries its own costs and risks. For many individuals, investing in index funds and adopting a buy-and-hold strategy can help to alleviate some of the stress of trying to predict market trends. Ultimately, it is nearly impossible to consistently \"time the market,\" so thorough research and a willingness to weather ups and downs are key to success in investing. If you cannot tolerate the possibility of enduring losses, the stock market may not be the best choice for you."}
{"3258": "\n\nIn my response to the query on getting started with Forex trading, I suggested the book Currency Trading For Dummies. Regarding the contract size, it requires only a small fraction of the total value. For instance, the Euro FX contract size is 125,000 Euros. However, traders usually deposit just a few thousand dollars to trade this contract instead of sending the broker over $125K."}
{"3259": "\n\nLet me pose another question: Would a person who stays at home to produce a widget benefit their country if they were to export it? From an economic standpoint, there is no difference between this scenario and that of a foreign worker sending remittances back home. Both actions generate export revenue for both the individual and their home country. Whether this is ultimately beneficial or detrimental is dependent on various factors, making it challenging to determine the answer in isolation.\n\nHowever, in general, foreign worker remittances are overwhelmingly advantageous for both the host country, which receives productive labor that may not otherwise be available, and the source country, which gains export income. When it comes to your specific inquiry about local inflation, an increase in exports results in a rise in the exchange rate, meaning that the domestic currency becomes pricier when compared to the Euro in this example. This appreciation in the exchange rate can actually help reduce inflationary pressures. On the other hand, the absence of a worker from the local economy can potentially drive up local wages and inflation.\n\nNonetheless, both of these effects are minimal, and other factors will likely have a more significant impact on the situation."}
{"3260": "\n\nRevised: It is important to note that past results do not guarantee future outcomes in the stock market. The market has no explicit upper limit, and even if individual company values remain flat, the market has historically tended to show an upward trend over the long-term. Furthermore, there has been a shift in recent times towards managing stocks for growth as opposed to managing companies for dividends. This shift is likely to contribute to market growth. Attempting to time the market is risky and is often comparable to gambling. The most straightforward approach to investing in the stock market involves a combination of buy-and-hold and dollar-cost averaging strategies. By purchasing stocks at a constant dollar amount per month, an investor can take advantage of buying opportunities presented by market downturns without sacrificing potential gains when the market trend is up. Personally, to maximize gains, I also practice contrarian buying by increasing my stock purchases when the market is depressed, provided I have funds I won't require anytime soon. This approach allows me to classify myself as an aggressive investor despite not engaging in micromanaging of my money, my goal remaining to have my money working for me instead of the other way around."}
{"3261": "\n\nThe answer is short and simple: \"No\". However, there are two ways to obtain cash from a life insurance policy. The first is by borrowing against the policy's cash value, provided it exceeds the surrender value; but this option generally results in higher premiums in the future. The second method, available for many term policies, permits the owner to receive a portion of the death benefit if the insured's physician certifies that the insured is likely to die within 12 months. Furthermore, some carriers offer cash benefits for critical care."}
{"3262": "\n\nMortgage rates typically follow the yield of the 10-year Treasury note. The TNX, or CBOE Interest Rate 10-Year T-Note, is directly linked to this rate. To obtain the yield, simply divide the CBOE TNX price by 10. Additionally, the (^TNX) ticker symbol on Yahoo Finance can be used to track the 10-year Treasury note yield."}
{"3263": "\n\nIt's a tough situation. It appears that your parents used their personal credit cards to support their business instead of setting up an LLC. This was not a wise decision as it could negatively impact their personal finances. If your parents can transfer the debt to the LLC before dissolving it, it would be the best possible outcome. However, because the business has been struggling for a long time, creditors may not be willing to provide a loan. Your parents may be able to convince a judge to transfer the debt to the LLC, but credit card companies will resist this as it gives them less hope of recovering their money. To increase their chances of success, your parents need to demonstrate that their credit cards were only used for business expenses. Filing for bankruptcy is an option, specifically a Chapter 13, which can potentially negotiate a payment plan for the debts. However, if they file for Chapter 7, they may risk losing assets such as furniture or cars. I advise against putting your own finances at risk to help your parents, as you may need them in the future. It is important to help them, but not to the point of sacrificing your own financial future."}
{"3264": "\n\nThe forms are updated annually, and software providers must obtain approval from the IRS each year. If a form is labeled as \"not yet finalized,\" it means that it has not yet been approved for this year. However, taxpayers need not worry as the IRS begins accepting returns on January 31st regardless. \n\nIf you are approaching a deadline, it may be due to the 1120 (corporate tax return) deadline, which is 2 and 1/2 months after the end of your corporation's fiscal year. For calendar year corporations, this deadline falls on March 15th. In the event that your fiscal year ends in November or December, you may use the previous year's forms as those have already been finalized."}
{"3265": "\n\nConsider an alternative to paying exorbitant prices for historical prices by the minute: subscribe to real-time data from your broker for as low as USD$1.50 per month, and peruse the chart."}
{"3266": "\n\nCurrently, I am not aware of a specific instance, however, in the past, there were limitations on the amount of gold that could be imported into India from overseas, accompanied by high customs fees. Consequently, smuggling gold was a thriving industry, as people could generate significant profits by evading these tariffs. During the 90s, alterations were made to these regulations to diminish the profitability of smuggling."}
{"3267": "\n\nIt is advisable to seek out individuals who have previously conducted business with them. In the event that you are unaware of anyone who has utilized their services, search for a company with a physical office in your vicinity. It is essential to be able to communicate with them in person. Have you inquired at your nearby bank?"}
{"3268": "\n\nIn my opinion, the gold forward curve does not offer much insight into the expected price of gold. Currently, the Jan 16 price reflects an increase of roughly 7.9% from the Jan 12 price, which can be attributed to low interest rates. In the past, when short rates were at 5%, the price of gold four years out was about 20% higher. This is not a mysterious phenomenon, but rather a reflection of economic trends. If you examined the platinum or silver curve, you would likely observe a similar 7.9% rise over a four-year period. On the other hand, the yield curve is purported to indicate the direction of the economy, with a steep curve predicting positive growth."}
{"3269": "\n\nTo ensure accuracy, the first step is to contact your broker and confirm the details. It's important to note that if your short option is in the money, you will be exercised regardless of whether you hold AAPL stock in your portfolio. The cost to purchase the shares will be charged to your account, which your broker should be able to cover from your margin or cash account. The 2017 call you hold on this stock is irrelevant to this situation; you will still retain ownership of this call after the assignment of the short call is settled."}
{"3270": "\n\nFor the majority of indices, including the S&P (but not the DJIA), the index \"price\" is a complex formula that generates a unitless number, not a dollar value. Therefore, dividing this number by the earnings/share of the sector will result in an incomparable unitless number, unlike standard P-E ratios. It is noteworthy that each sector's index formula is presumably designed to make all the index prices appear similar to consumers. Consequently, it is reasonable to expect that each sector would have a comparable value for the number you're computing."}
{"3271": "\n\nAssuming the United States is the country in question, I must add the disclaimer that I am not a lawyer or accountant. However, based on my understanding of the matter, revenue recognition occurs at the time of purchasing credits, when the customer pre-pays for a service. Sales tax must be charged on the full amount at that time, regardless of whether the credits are used or not. This type of transaction is comparable to a customer purchasing a box of widgets for future delivery. It differs from the scenario in which a customer buys a gift card or reloadable debit card where sales tax is not collected because it's not technically a purchase, and revenue is only recognized when the card's balance is used to pay for goods or services.\n\nIn the former scenario, the customer has ownership of an asset, the credits, which cannot be taken away, whereas, in the latter, the holder of the debit card is an unsecured creditor of the company. In cases where the cost of credits increases or a discount promotion is applied, the credits retain their functionality, regardless of price changes. \n\nIf the business model is based on account deposits rather than credit purchases, revenue recognition occurs when the usage is billed at the current rate, and sales tax is collected on the purchase of services. However, the deposit would need to be refundable, not expire, and be usable on a variety of services. In this scenario, the company would also have additional responsibilities in handling the deposit. It is essential to consult lawyers and accountants to establish an accurate tax basis due to the possible complications that arise from gift cards and different sales tax structures in different regions."}
{"3272": "\n\nThere are a few options available if you need to purchase a car, and overcoming any challenges can help improve your financial situation. First and foremost, consider avoiding borrowing for the purchase of a car altogether. Cars typically undergo significant depreciation, and opting for a good quality used vehicle that can be bought for cash may prove to be the better long-term financial decision. However, if borrowing is an absolute necessity, it is recommended to approach the bank or credit union where you hold your checking account. They already know your financial history and may be more willing to grant you a loan. Furthermore, the loan terms from a bank are likely to be more favorable than those from a car dealer. Finally, consider approaching your employer's HR department to inquire about any past loan programs offered to their employees. Someone may have experience and knowledge to share that could benefit you greatly."}
{"3273": "\n\nIf you pay someone $600 or more annually, you need to file and issue a 1099 form to each of them. Combining them is not an option as they need their own form to file their taxes. Also, you should ensure that you have correctly classified them as contractors rather than employees."}
{"3274": "\n\nThe way that limit orders are fulfilled depends on the specific exchange used for trading. While I cannot speak to how Scottrade operates, it is common for limit orders to be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Generally, stocks do not drop significantly below the bid price, but for highly volatile penny stocks, it is possible that the price could rapidly drop below your bid and then bounce back up, resulting in only a partial fulfillment of the order. For example, imagine a penny stock priced at $0.12, with other traders placing limit orders to buy at $0.10, and you also placing a limit order at $0.10. If the price drops to $0.07, orders placed at or above that price point will be filled on a first-come, first-served basis. If the demand for the stock increases, driving the price above $0.10 before your order is filled, it is possible that your bid will not be fulfilled at that time. Additionally, if the price drops from $0.12 to $0.07, older orders at or above $0.07 may be fulfilled before your order at $0.10. For example, an older order for 100 shares at $0.09 may be filled before a newer order for 800 shares at $0.07, with only a subset of those shares being filled before the price increases again."}
{"3275": "\n\nA \"balance transfer\" involves paying off one credit card using another. Offers for this type of transaction are frequently received in the mail. However, as other commenters have mentioned, this often includes finance fees instead of the rewards that are earned for regular purchases. This is due to balance transfers being classified differently in credit card agreements. While there may have been some loopholes in previous credit card reward plans that allowed for similar transactions, these have since been closed. Some users reported buying gift cards from merchants and using them to pay credit card bills, but this was not a sustainable method for generating rewards without cost. Given the experience of credit card companies, finding a workable method that complies with cardholder agreements may prove challenging."}
{"3276": "\n\nThe London Stock Exchange has a wide variety of exchange traded products that are comparable to those offered in the US. To access a list of these products, including Vanguard offerings, you can follow this link. To view products from other managers, simply click on the corresponding letter at the top of the page. For example, to see iShares offerings, click on \"I\". When it comes to Vanguard, you can find the S&P500 ETF under the code VUSA and the Vanguard All World ETF under the code VWRL. Note that most of these funds trade in GBP and some have both currency hedged and unhedged versions available. If you want to avoid currency risk, opt for a currency hedged version. While iShares offers currency hedged options, Vanguard does not seem to do so on the London market. You can find a list of iShares currency hedged products here. The S&P500 currency hedged, for instance, trades under the code IGUS while the unhedged version trades under the code IUSA. As for BREXIT, its effects on UK markets and currency are uncertain currently. Some concerns have not come to fruition, but volatility could remain until the exit agreement is finalised. In the long term, I personally believe that BREXIT will benefit the UK overall, but that is my personal opinion."}
{"3277": "\n\nA share represents a fractional ownership of a company. When an individual purchases a share of a green stock from the open market, they become a part owner of a green company. In a way, it is similar to buying a house, where the money paid is transferred to the previous owner, and the buyer gains ownership of a tangible asset. However, investing through mutual funds or in indexes may complicate matters (such as voting rights being shifted to the company managing the funds), but the basic concept remains the same: the fund purchases assets from the market, and holds or trades them for the benefit of its investors."}
{"3278": "\n\nThe primary reference for the IRS, Pub 519 Tax Guide for Aliens, states that students and business apprentices from India cannot claim the standard deduction. However, there is a special rule that applies, and if you are eligible, you can claim the deduction using Worksheet 5-1. It's important to note that if you are married and your spouse itemizes deductions, you cannot claim the standard deduction. This is an exception to the India rule, which itself is an exception to the general rule that nonresident filers are not eligible for the standard deduction.\n\nIt should be noted that this is the IRS' interpretation of the law based on ratified treaties. If you disagree with their interpretation, you could claim the deduction anyway and potentially take the case to US Tax Court. However, legal fees may exceed the marginal tax on the $6300 standard deduction, even under the simplified procedures for small cases."}
{"3279": "\n\nTo avoid spending time understanding your numbers, allow me to explain the basics of trading an upside-down car for a financed one. It's important to differentiate between price and value. When you acquire a car, you pay a price for it, and its value is what someone else will pay you for it in the future. Financing a car involves agreeing on a price of, say, $10,000, and paying back Mr. Bank with interest over time. After making 12 payments, you still owe around $8,195 to Mr. Bank.\n\nNow, let's say you want to trade your current car with a value of $7,000 for a new $20,000 car. The dealership agrees to give you $7,000 for your old car, which covers its value. But you still owe $8,195 to Mr. Bank, which the dealership pays to acquire the title. This leaves you with a new loan of $21,195 for the new car, which includes the $1,195 you still owed on the old car. It's important to note that what you previously paid, the initial down payment, and the old car's purchase price no longer matter. The only relevant factors are the amount owed on the old car and the value the buyer, in this case, the dealership, is willing to pay for it.\n\nDetermining the exact \"loss\" in this scenario is difficult because the car's utility has value, but it could be argued that the $1,195 added to your new loan to pay for the old car is lost."}
{"3280": "\n\nUsually, altering the monthly payments is not possible because they are set to fixed amounts. However, whether or not this is an option depends on your financing bank's willingness to make a change for you. In some instances, you may need to refinance with the same bank or consider switching to another lender. Fortunately, this may not be a bad thing considering that you could potentially obtain a lower interest rate (although, do bear in mind that as of Jan 2017, this may change). Another alternative to consider is investing the $25,000 and using the subsequent investment returns to fill the monthly deficit. Although this alternative option may require more time and effort, it could be the more financially rewarding choice."}
{"3281": "\n\nYour outlined steps are sound individually. However, be cautious with Step 5 as seeking criticism may not always prove to be helpful. Visiting stocktwits.com may reveal a plethora of opposing opinions, which may be correct over different time-frames. Try to gauge your confidence level and prepare multiple strategies accordingly. Personally, I lacked the intelligence and discipline to be a successful value investor. The frustration of watching stocks remain stagnant for years before the company's intrinsic value was reflected in the market was unbearable. Moreover, despite making an outstanding selection, a macro shift or a slump could delay progress and raise concerns.\n\nIn my experience, portfolio management techniques like asset allocation and dollar-cost-averaging played a pivotal role in my version of value investing. Kudos to you for taking an interest in 10k/10q. Is there something particular about 10k/10q that you require assistance with? Remember, the context is equally significant, and these types of reports become more valuable and comprehensible when compared with competitors in the same industry.\n\nIt is crucial to assess potential overconfidence and diversify your knowledge. I see myself in you, and like me, you may develop false understanding through excessive reading of Securities Analysis 6th edition, leading to overconfidence. Remember that despite the market's scientific nature, various factors come into play turning it into an art form. While I am uncertain of your situation, applying the principles of value investing shared by Graham and Buffet requires investment that entails the use of the consolidation or equity method of accounting (> 20% ownership). While the same principles could work on a smaller scale, a small-scale investor should focus on wealth accumulation in multiple forms rather than instant equity through acquisitions.\n\nLastly, to test your prowess in value investing and order execution, try the inverse, at least on paper. Short a stock with a low value but a high P/E. TWTR may be an appropriate example. Discover the effects of resource deployment and experience the agony of security and market volatility. It would be naive to wait it out as a long-term value investor from your Santa Barbara beach house."}
{"3282": "\n\nAs someone who works in buy-side finance, I understand the frustration that can arise from small data issues. I'm offering insight below that may help explain price differences: \n\nReasons for price differences: \n\n1. Vendor and data source: Data providers, like Google and Yahoo, aggregate EOD data from their vendors. While the raw data comes from the same exchange, different vendors collect it through different trading platforms. For example, Yahoo sources its stock data from Hemscott, which may not be the most accurate source. Google, in contrast, gets its data from Deutsche B\u00f6rse. Additionally, vendors may gather EOD data from other providers or exchanges or even produce their own open, high, low, close, and volume data from trade tick-data \u2013 and these data may come from any exchange. \n\n2. Price adjustment: For equities data, re-distributors typically adjust raw data by applying customized procedures, such as accounting for corporate actions, like dividends and splits. Rolling is required for futures data, and backward and forward rolling can be chosen. Different adjustments can affect the price display. \n\n3. Extended trading hours: With electronic trading, markets tend to trade during extended hours, which introduces another element of freedom in price reporting. Re-distributors must decide whether to include price movements during extended trading hours. \n\nConclusion: To verify the true price, always check with the exchange where the asset is actually traded. Professional traders and investors typically use Bloomberg, Reuters, and other paid providers. However, for personal use, Yahoo and Google are both valid choices, and the differences in their data are usually small enough to ignore."}
{"3283": "\n\nThe recommendation is not to purchase the stock. However, it is advised to retain any current holdings."}
{"3284": "\n\n@jlowin's answer provides an excellent discussion of the different types of PE ratios. I will focus on answering a specific question within your query: who makes the estimates for future earnings? Professional analysts and analytical teams in the market generate future earnings estimates based on various factors. Investment companies use these frequently updated estimates as the basis for their PE ratio. The company's own expectations are not used as they may be biased. Analysts use a range of data, including economic data, forecasting, surveys of sentiment, and current events, to build an ongoing model of the company's finances. The sophistication of the model depends on the size and resources of the analytics team. For larger and more liquid firms, or small and fast-growing firms, creating such a model can be a significant undertaking. Some analytics teams even send analysts out to gather data on the company and industry that they follow. This analysis is more valuable to trading teams and paying clients than for public relations purposes, so estimates are only released a few times a year. These projections are accurate at the time of release, but their value diminishes over time, particularly if the firm launches new initiatives. Hence, weighting analyst forecasts based on the time since release results in a better average. Most private investors use an average or time-weighted average of analyst estimates to calculate the forward PE ratio."}
{"3285": "\n\nI would like to highlight a few points, but as I lack the required reputation, I am unable to comment. It is entirely feasible to save up to 50%, and I am aware of individuals who have managed to save 65%. To learn more, please refer to this link. \n\nI would like to reiterate that assuming a 4% return is the maximum you should consider if you wish to guarantee a return in the long term. This minimum value is not the average, but rather a value that you can anticipate and prepare for. To reinforce my argument, I refer to Robert Schiller's Irrational Exuberance, who cites a real annual return of just 4.1% from January 1966 to January 1992, on page 135 of the 2015 release. While this may not be a significant concern if you continue to invest along the way, it is still a 26-year period that demonstrates the importance of careful planning."}
{"3286": "\n\nI am curious about how a founder can determine the appropriate valuation and distribution of shares, including the amount of equity to make available for the public versus how much to reserve for themselves. This process is more of an art than a science, as it is not solely based on the revenue a startup generates. Rather, it is an estimation of the revenue the startup could generate in the future. While investment firms can offer advice based on their experience, their assessment may not always reflect the true value. Ultimately, the market will determine the worth of the startup."}
{"3287": "\n\nFirstly, it's worth noting that 795 is an odd number. Secondly, as a general rule, the sale of 122 shares would typically incur taxes, regardless of whether you choose to repurchase them immediately or not. However, there may be specific laws or regulations in your country (which you haven't specified) that could exempt this from being classified as a capital gains event. It's essential to consider any local rules to get a clearer picture of your tax liabilities."}
{"3288": "\n\nRevised: Additionally, refinancing helps to mitigate risk in the eyes of banks. If borrowers are unable to pay their mortgages, banks like Wells, Chase, and BoA stand to lose out despite receiving interest payments. This is particularly concerning when considering that, collectively, the three banks have issued 50 million mortgages. If as few as 20% of borrowers are unable to keep up with payments, the banks face a substantial risk. Refinancing enables banks to reduce the principal and interest owed by borrowers, which ensures that they continue to receive payments. In fact, during the 2007-2008 financial crisis, credit card companies lowered customers' spending limits to control their risk. Therefore, before deciding whether to refinance, research should be done to determine whether it is the best option."}
{"3289": "\n\nSales taxes are levied on consumers at the point of purchase, while a value-added tax (VAT) is charged during the production process of the item. Though the end cost borne by the consumer is the same under both systems, with VAT, the tax is collected from the manufacturer rather than the consumer. There are several reasons to support VAT, including its ability to reduce loss of revenue due to smuggling, which may increase disproportionately with sales tax. VAT is also advantageous as it spares shippers and other layers of the production process which do not affect the fundamental value of the product from bearing the tax burden."}
{"3290": "\n\nKeep in mind that an all-cash offer provides the seller with instant access to their full payment, rather than spreading it out over a certain number of years as with a financed offer. This enables them to reinvest the funds immediately instead of in small portions over the loan term. Moreover, an all-cash offer typically involves fewer parties, resulting in fewer lawyers at the negotiating table. As a result, the transaction can often be completed more quickly."}
{"3291": "\n\nRevised: Pyramid schemes are illegal in almost every country in the Western world, and for good reason. While they promise lifetime income, they often collapse quickly and result in the majority of investors losing their money. These schemes operate by paying early investors with fees from new investors, creating a geometric progression of sign-ups. However, this model is unsustainable, as it would require signing up every person on the planet to keep the money flowing in. While a small percentage of people may make a significant amount of money, the vast majority of investors are left with nothing. Organizers who promote these schemes often end up in jail or on the run, making it a risky and fraudulent business."}
{"3292": "\n\nFinancial literacy involves learning about finance and money management to achieve better outcomes in life. Just as reading and writing improve literacy, reading financial books and engaging in forums like this will enhance your financial literacy. The more financially literate you become, the better equipped you are to make informed decisions about your finances and avoid scams."}
{"3293": "\n\nIt's not such a big deal if you renew your mortgage at the current rates since that's part of the agreement. However, if you intend to switch to another bank to take advantage of lower rates, you could encounter problems. Negotiating your terms with the new lender may be difficult. Some mortgages have portability, though, which allows you to transfer it to a new property; however, you'll need to purchase a less expensive home."}
{"3294": "\n\nTo avoid reaching a limit, a minimum of $25,000 is required. If not using margin, you must wait three days for the sale to clear. Avoid making purchases based on advice from uninformed individuals. However, there are knowledgeable individuals worth following online. Disregard claims that eTrade or other platforms are unable to execute fast enough as they all offer level 2 pricing. Successful day traders do not buy and sell stocks daily, as there may not always be viable trades. If purely gambling, it may be wiser to visit a casino rather than lose money in the stock market."}
{"3295": "\n\nIf the expense ratio of the fund is 0.00%, then the answer is yes. However, if the fund has expenses of 1%, then the expenses would cause a reduction of only $0.02 per share, and thus, you would have $9.98 in total as the expenses would first cut down the yield."}
{"3296": "\n\n\"They are purchasing the company\" is grammatically correct. If a company is purchased in Australia, the assets and liabilities are also acquired. However, in the case of TEN, the company has more liabilities than assets. Even if all the assets are sold off, there is still not enough money to pay off all the creditors. As a result, the company is in Administration and being managed by a regulated Australian authority. The administrator's job is to find suitable buyers so that most of the creditors can be paid off. However, in the case of TEN, the liabilities are so significant that no one is willing to buy the company. The deal with CBS would also mean that existing shareholders would not receive any payment as the value is negative. Since the company is a separate legal entity, it cannot recover the negative value from the shareholders. Even the current creditors may not be paid in full, and some may lose money."}
{"3297": "\n\nIt is highly probable that the fund distributed a dividend in the form of reinvested shares, a common practice among many funds especially towards the end of the year. Here's a simplified demonstration of how this works: Let's assume that you invested $1000 and acquired 100 units at $10 per unit. Without taking into consideration the daily price fluctuations, if the fund paid a dividend of 20%, you would receive $200 and the unit price would drop to $8 per unit. If you chose to reinvest the dividend, you would automatically purchase an additional $200 worth of units at the new price (thereby acquiring 25 more units). Consequently, you would then have 125 units worth $8 each, i.e. an investment of $1000. Note that in this example, although you now have more shares than your initial investment, the price has reduced significantly, and your market value is higher than your initial investment probably due to a slight price increase. \nTo confirm, you should see the dividend transaction listed on your account. I did a quick search on ICENX and confirmed that they indeed paid a dividend yesterday."}
{"3298": "\n\nRevised: It's unlikely that you require an S-Corp, as there is no discernible difference between the deductibles available on your Schedule C and 1120S. Choosing the S-Corp option will only increase your expenses. As a gambler, you may not be concerned with liability, but if you are, opting for an LLC is a more affordable and uncomplicated way to address it. Additionally, attempting the \"reasonable salary\" loophole to avoid FICA isn't advisable. Instead, stick with the well-accepted Schedule C for professional gamblers."}
{"3299": "\n\nBased on your situation, it appears that you do not have any outstanding tax payments if your deductions are greater than your earnings. However, there is a provision known as the Alternate Minimum Tax that targets high-income earners claiming excessive deductions. Essentially, this tax calculates their total income at a reduced rate but does not permit any deductions for individuals earning $175,000 or more. Fortunately, you are not subject to this tax bracket."}
{"3300": "\n\nI was initially inclined to reject your assertion, but the evidence I discovered confirms your statement. Interestingly, credit union expansion in the New York market surpasses that of California. Despite the apparent animosity of bankers towards credit unions, the reasons for the lower market share in New York remain unclear. Potentially, the regulatory climate plays a role. Banks hold significant sway with representatives, and their financial contributions to New York City cannot be overlooked."}
{"3301": "\n\nFirstly, I agree with monozok that you should not blindly follow anyone's investment advice without doing your research. Rather, consider their suggestions as a guide to help you make an informed decision. \n\nAdditionally, I believe that the amount of money you have to invest may not necessarily be too small, but it depends on how quickly you may need access to it. Investing often requires reinvesting profits to grow your initial investment, and this means that your investment time horizon will affect your ability to generate returns. As a rule of thumb, the longer you can wait, the more risks you can take.\n\nAs someone who is also in their mid-twenties, I suggest adopting a few basic principles: \n\n1. Read \"A Random Walk Down Wall Street\" by Burton G. Malkiel, which could help you understand how to earn better returns by investing in a well-chosen index fund than most professional investors.\n\n2. Avoid the temptation to rely on financial planners or firms that may not have your best interests at heart. At your age, you can learn to invest better on your own.\n\n3. Learn about algorithmic trading, which is a fascinating and efficient way to invest, and use resources like quantopian.com.\n\n4. Keep up with the stock market using a game app that offers real-time stock prices and news about the companies that interest you. I recommend Seeking Alpha's mobile app."}
{"3302": "\n\nRevised: Generally, gifts received from employers are subject to taxation since they are deemed as compensation for employment services. Cash gifts are particularly considered as wages regardless of the manner in which they are received. Even when there's no contractual obligation or the amounts are too high to be regarded as personal gifts, the IRS still considers such payments as \"disguised wages.\" The IRS uses several tests to determine non-taxable benefits, which are outlined in IRS publication 535 and publication 15-B. It's unlikely that one could successfully argue that they were working full-time for a meager amount while simultaneously receiving huge personal gifts. Consequently, these payments would almost certainly be treated as taxable wages for services rendered."}
{"3303": "\n\nAlthough uncommon, trading CFDs long term can be a viable investment strategy if you have a solid plan and know what you are doing. In my own experience, I have found success over the past four years. While financing costs can eat into profits, frequent trading can also result in spread losses. To mitigate risk, it is advisable to maintain a low volatility portfolio with negatively correlated positions, a strong Sharpe ratio, and sound fundamentals such as co-integrated assets or stable correlations. With careful leveraging, this strategy can prove lucrative."}
{"3304": "\n\nSince you already have an emergency fund, it would be wise to use your extra funds to pay off debts, such as your student loans. While some may suggest investing in the stock market, there is no mention of the potential risks involved. Investing in stocks is essentially gambling, with the hope of gaining a return on your investment. On the other hand, your student loan is a real financial obligation, and the longer you take to pay it off, the more interest you will accumulate. You could pay off your student loan in 21 months by making $1,100 monthly payments. After that, you could allocate your funds towards fully funding a 401(k) each year, which would be an impressive accomplishment at your age. Our company offers the Vanguard Retirement Fund, which has a low 0.19% expense ratio. This is a passive and automated investing option, and you can simply add funds without worrying about managing it."}
{"3305": "\n\nAlthough I see the same problem, it appears that Google's version is correct."}
{"3306": "\n\nBefore making any decisions, it is important to run the numbers and understand the current rates for a potential 2nd mortgage, as well as rates for a brand new mortgage that could cover the additional funds. It is also important to consider other lenders and estimate the amount of paperwork involved for each option (new first, new 2nd, and new lender). Inquire about what options they can offer you, and evaluate their offer based on the costs of money and time for each option. Keep in mind that what they offer will depend on various factors including whether they value you as a customer or not, whether they expect you to walk away, whether they are looking to get rid of mortgages like yours, and whether they can make more money with the plan they are offering. When evaluating their offer, focus on the upfront costs, the monthly costs, and the timeline required to complete the process."}
{"3307": "\n\nMCD pays a regular dividend of 47\u00a2 on preferred stock, which does not apply to common stock holders. Therefore, exclude this amount. KMB underwent a spin-off of Halyard Health, and as per the company's investor relations page, KMB issued one share of Halyard common stock for every eight Kimberly-Clark common shares owned as of the record date. The transaction was completed on November 3, 2014, when HYH was valued at $37.97 per share, making it worth approximately $4.75 with a 1:8 ratio. If HYH shares were sold at this price, it would be beneficial to retain the \"dividend\" in the data. Cleaning data for different types of corporate actions can prove challenging, and it appears that the Quandl source is inadequate in this regard. Consequently, exploring alternative vendors may be necessary."}
{"3308": "\n\nHere is the revised text:\n\nIt is advisable to accept the new rate, but instead of opting for the new 30-year term, calculate the payment as if the new mortgage is at the remaining term. For instance, if you are three years into a 30-year mortgage, compute the payment as if the loan is for 27 years. This calculation will give you a clearer picture of the actual savings. Then, divide the savings by your closing costs, if any, to determine the break-even point. If you plan to stay in the house for that long, it's the right choice. However, even if it helps you save just 1/8%, a no-closing-cost deal is worth considering."}
{"3309": "\n\nIt is advisable to monitor all three credit reports. This ensures you are promptly notified in case of a hard pull on any of your reports. Typically, financial institutions only pull one report when opening new credit accounts. If you only monitor one report, it can take up to a month to be alerted about new accounts, which by then can make restoration more challenging. It is better to report any unfamiliar accounts to the financial institution immediately by saying \"that's not me!\" rather than waiting."}
{"3310": "\n\nCredit agencies do not consider the presence of a co-signer when evaluating creditworthiness. However, a potential co-signer must carefully evaluate whether they are willing to take responsibility for the loan if you are unable to make payments. Co-signing indicates an agreement to pay the loan amount and will affect their credit score/report positively if payments are made on time, or negatively if neither party can make payments. While co-signing may not make a difference to you if you can avoid defaulting, it can have significant implications for your co-signer."}
{"3311": "\n\nIt appears that the \"gross receipt tax\" is essentially the same as what most states refer to as the \"sales tax.\" This tax is typically applied after the price is displayed, resulting in the final price calculation. This method is commonly used since taxes typically involve fractions of pennies, making total calculation more accurate than calculating tax for each item separately. While it is theoretically possible to adjust prices to display even numbers when tax is added, it would require fractional cents to many decimal places. Additionally, in some locations, it is illegal to display only the with-tax price. Though some businesses may be willing to deal with the fractions, it is not worth the effort to fight against the common practice of sales tax. The closest thing to this is occasional offers of \"we'll pay your sales tax\" or statewide sales-tax free days once a year."}
{"3312": "\n\nConvertible notes are frequently used by angel investors who desire to fund businesses without establishing a company valuation. When an investor buys equity in a startup, the purchase price of equity implies a valuation of the company. For example, if an investor purchases 10% ownership of a company for $1 million, the company's value is assumed to be $10 million. To avoid affecting the terms of later-stage investments, some early-stage investors may prefer not to set a valuation in this way. Convertible notes are structured as loans when investors first invest. When a later equity investor appears, the outstanding loan balance will automatically convert into equity according to the terms set by the later-stage equity investor. Investors purchase equity in a company, and an angel investor who invests $100,000 in a convertible note may convert their investment to 1/10 of the equity investor's claim after receiving a 10% stake for a $1 million investment. In certain cases, the angel investor may also receive additional shares to compensate for their earlier investment risk. In a worst-case scenario if the company performs poorly, the converted shares could become worthless, leaving the note holder with no course of action. The seniority of debt determines how it will be serviced, with higher seniority debts being paid off first. The agreements made during the transaction will outline these details. Additionally, when discussing liquidating staff, the term refers to selling the company's assets and not selling its employees into slavery."}
{"3313": "\n\nWhen I applied for my first mortgage, I was obliged to disclose all of my sources of income and assets. I mentioned my US Savings Bonds that were acquired through payroll deduction. When I inquired about their relevance, the loan officer informed me that they were inconsequential to my loan application unless I intended to liquidate them for the down payment. Unless you have a tendency to sell Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) or are inclined to do so for the down payment, the bonds are no different from having funds in a 401K or IRA. Simply put, their illiquidity renders them less significant."}
{"3314": "\n\nTo achieve this goal, the most effective approach is to create a contingency plan for your purchase of a new home based on the sale of your old one. Your initial offer should include this contingency, as well as a specific time frame for your house to sell in order to finalize the agreement. Additionally, there may be a clause in the contract giving the seller the option to cancel it if another offer is made within a certain period (usually 24-48 hours), which allows you to either sell your house or arrange financing in time. For instance, let's say you offer $300,000 on a new home with a contingency clause based on the sale of your old home, and the seller agrees. Suppose the seller then receives an offer of $275,000 cash (without a contingency clause). The seller must inform you of the new offer, permitting you time to meet your initial agreement by selling your house or financing $300,000. If you are unable to do so, the seller can accept the cash offer instead. While the above is just a hypothetical, the contingency clause feature will depend on both parties agreeing. Typically, sellers will want compensation for this benefit. That may come in the form of a higher offer or some other clause that benefits them. Alternatively, some buyers may choose to find a home first and then set a closing date further out to sell their house before that time. However, such sellers are rare. Most contingency clauses are included in the purchase agreement. Ultimately, the costs of contingency or financing should be compared to decide which is preferable. A competent real estate agent should be able to handle this situation effortlessly, irrespective of the factors involved."}
{"3315": "\n\nRevised: The price of a future with an underlying that pays dividends can be affected by changes in dividend payouts. This is because the value of dividends is deducted from the value of the underlying equity, causing the future's price to decrease when dividends increase. Additionally, the dividend effect on equity prices can further reduce their value and have an even greater impact on the future's price."}
{"3316": "\n\nA recommended strategy is to diversify investments across multiple currencies. While USD and EUR can be considered reliable, it is not advisable to solely rely on them. It is best to invest a portion of savings in USD, a portion in EUR, and another portion in one's home country's currency. It is also advisable to keep a portion of savings in cash and another portion in a bank account."}
{"3317": "\n\nThe P/E ratio is calculated by dividing the Price by the Earnings Per Share (EPS). In the case of P/E TTM, it refers to the Price divided by the actual EPS earned over the previous 12 months. On the other hand, Forward P/E uses the average of analyst expectations for the next year in EPS as the \"E\". Yahoo displays the EPS as 1.34, while Google shows it as 0.85. By using these figures with their respective prices, we get P/E ratios of 368.58 and 580.47 for Yahoo and Google, respectively. However, Google displays a P/E ratio of 5.80, which is a decimal misplacement from 580. CNBC shows the EPS as 0.85 as well and correctly displays the P/E ratio as 580. Upon checking a currency calculator, it appears that Yahoo's EPS listing is in dollars, while CNBC's is in pounds. This is supported by the last four quarters' data on CNBC, which adds up to $1.40."}
{"3318": "\n\nA company as large as Home Depot is likely to have a comprehensive Human Resources department that can provide you with the necessary guidance. It's probable they know the name of the brokerage and other relevant information. I searched online and found their number to be (1-866-698-4347). Each state has a different set of regulations regarding how long a financial institution can hold abandoned assets before transferring them to the state. For instance, California has an abandoned property search website that can be utilized. However, despite having emptied a brokerage account for over two decades, I discovered that my penny stocks were still there when I finally logged back in."}
{"3319": "\n\nThis text explains how a loan is structured and how interest accrues each month. The reason for breaking out the interest amount is to show how much interest is accumulated during a specific month - this is typically the only place where this information is shown. The monthly payment (M) consists of the sum of interest accrued during that month and some principal, say M=I+P. The loan balance (B) is the total amount owed. Accrued interest (I) is fixed at the amount that accumulated during that month and must always be paid off. As the principal is reduced each month, I also decreases. If the daily interest rate is 3%, the interest owed each month is approximately (0.03*B*31) plus a bit of interest on the interest that accrues. P is most commonly calculated based on an amortization table, providing a fixed monthly payment, making it easier for people to manage their finances. Therefore, P changes each month rather than M. It is important to show the I amount so that borrowers can verify that they are paying the loan correctly and for tax purposes."}
{"3320": "\n\nTo ensure that your payment to the original creditor is well-documented, send it in a manner that allows you to prove that you did indeed make the payment if it is rejected. In the event of a rejection, provide evidence of this to the credit reporting agencies."}
{"3321": "\n\nMy top advice is to consult with a tax professional, especially if you're new to the process. Additionally, it's crucial to keep accurate records. I recommend two articles, [1] and [2], which provide valuable information on income types and deductions. \n\nAccording to the articles, many artists have a combination of income types- regular wages and self-employment income. Regular wages involve taxes and other withholdings, while self-employment income may be in cash, check, or goods without any withholding. The articles provide a detailed breakdown of expenses and deductions based on the type of income you receive. \n\nIf you receive a regular paycheck, your employer should provide you with a form W-2 at the end of the year. You can then claim relevant expenses on a Schedule A or Form 2106. If you're an independent contractor, you'll receive payments without any withholding, making you responsible for the Social Security and Medicare taxes, known as the Self-Employment Tax. To deduct your expenses, you'll need to complete a Schedule C with detailed expense categories.\n\nFurthermore, it's best to receive a 1099 MISC from your employer(s) as an independent contractor. It's important to note that some states collect a non-resident entertainers' tax - a state tax that requires a certain percentage of the gross earnings to be withheld for the state. \n\nI strongly recommend keeping all receipts, pay stubs, 1099 forms, W2's, and even contracts written on napkins, as these documents will be necessary for your tax returns. Lastly, consulting with a tax professional is crucial for a seamless process."}
{"3322": "\n\nThe S&P Index Announcements provide information about changes to the index. For example, effective February 19, 2013, there will be a change in the S&P Small-cap 600. The handling of changes to index funds depends on whether they are open-end mutual funds or exchange-traded funds. Open-end funds must sell and purchase securities to maintain the index, which can increase transaction costs. It is interesting to see how well these costs can be managed. On the other hand, ETFs simply unload shares from the redemption units of the exiting stock while taking in new shares with creation units of the newly added stock to the index."}
{"3323": "\n\nI also had a similar problem and decided to delve into the math and develop an app to help. You can access the app through this link: http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/BuyOrRentInvestmentReturnCalculator/ (It requires using the free Wolfram computable-document format (CDF) Player.) Upon trying the app, you will be able to determine the optimal conditions for renting or buying a property. Personally, I concluded that purchasing a property outright by retirement age, if not sooner, was the best approach. \n\nFor example, consider the scenario of purchasing a \u00a3400,000 house or renting for \u00a31,000 per month, while saving an equivalent amount to achieve the same monthly expenses as the buyer. The variables of mortgage rate, deposit rate, property appreciation, and rent inflation can be adjusted to obtain different results. The mortgage term in this example is 20 years. As you can observe, the buyer and renter have a comparable outcome after 20 years, but the buyer benefits in the long run by not having any mortgage payments. Note that the actual rental cost for a \u00a3400,000 house would likely exceed \u00a31,000, but this example highlights the point of equivalence."}
{"3324": "\n\nThe P/E ratio is a measure of the number of years it would take for a company to earn its share price, calculated by dividing the share price by the annual earnings per share. This can be determined using current quarterly earnings per share multiplied by four, the sum of the past four quarters' actual earnings per share, or projected earnings per share. However, it should be noted that P/E ratio has little to do with a company's actual financial health beyond earnings per share, and is not necessarily an indicator of bankruptcy. Instead, it is mostly a measure of the market's assumptions about the company's ability to grow or maintain earnings. \n\nFor example, a share price of $40 with a P/E ratio of 10 means that the company will take 10 years to earn $40 per share, with current annual earnings per share at $4. Another company may also earn $4 per share but trade at 100 times earnings, with a share price of $400. By this measure, neither company is more or less healthy than the other, but rather, one commands more faith in future growth from the market.\n\nRegarding negative P/E ratios, this signifies that a company is currently reporting negative earnings or running at a loss. Again, this may or may not lead to an imminent bankruptcy. A better way to assess bankruptcy risk would be to look at increasing balance sheet debt alongside decreasing revenue, earnings, and assets."}
{"3325": "\n\nRewritten: I fail to see how lending your vehicle is less supportive than providing money for someone to purchase their own. If your mother relies on your vehicle as her sole means of transportation, then you are supporting her. While it may be challenging to quantify that support, it ultimately doesn't matter if you are meeting all of her needs. If your mother has her own income, you cannot factor in the precise amount you are contributing towards the 50% rule unless she would have otherwise invested in a significantly cheaper vehicle. Nonetheless, if you exceed the 50% threshold without considering the car payments, then you are in compliance regardless."}
{"3326": "\n\nOption prices are made up of two components: intrinsic value, which is the difference between the strike price and the current stock price, and time premium, which indicates the likelihood of the stock ending up above the strike price for a call option (or below for a put option). As time passes, all else being equal, option values decrease due to reduced uncertainty and smaller time premiums. Theta measures the change in value over a single day. For your short spread position, calls are decreasing by $64.71 per day (a positive for you since you sold them at a higher value), and puts are decreasing by $49.04 per day. You are earning $15.67 each day, assuming no changes in stock price or volatility. However, changes in both are major drivers of option values. Despite this, your options are deep out of the money and likely to expire worthless, leaving only decreasing time premium."}
{"3327": "\n\nAccording to MyFICO, a foreclosure will be reflected on your credit report for 7 years. However, over time, its impact on your FICO\u00ae score will lessen. Although a foreclosure is viewed as a detrimental event by your FICO score, it's a common misconception to assume that it will adversely affect your score for an extensive period. Indeed, as little as 2 years after a foreclosure, your FICO score can begin to recover provided that you maintain good standing on your other credit obligations. It's crucial to note that a foreclosure is a singular negative element, and it can have minimal impact on your FICO score if it's isolated from other credit obligations that are defaulting. (personal note - I extend my admiration to you, sir. Irrespective of political affiliations, we are indebted to our Veterans. Ideally, VA loans should overlook past short sales. My best wishes to you, and thank you for your service.)"}
{"3328": "\n\nI'm not convinced that conducting a \"closing the books\" ceremony for personal finance accounting is necessary, especially if you have a fiscal year that doesn't align with the traditional calendar year. Typically, this process is performed by businesses to determine their \"Retained Earnings\" for investors and tax purposes, which is not necessarily relevant for individuals. However, if you do want to do this, some programs like Gnucash have a \"Closing Books\" feature that transfers income and expenses into an Equity Retained Earnings account. This does not impact your Assets or Liabilities, which would not make sense to close out anyway. If you want to keep each year separate, you could also create a new Gnucash file for each year by exporting and importing the account tree and balances. However, this could make it challenging to run reports across multiple years. In general, though, it is not necessary to close the books as modern accounting software can easily store all of your account data over time. You can simply filter out the data you don't need when running reports instead of conducting a formal closing ceremony."}
{"3329": "\n\nWhen debt is forgiven, it is important to recognize that the amount written off is considered ordinary income, unless the debt was associated with the purchase of a primary home. Attempting to deduct the forgiven debt from your taxes will not work. Even if you can write off the debt forgiveness, you will still incur tax liability on your personal taxes and may face a cash shortage in your business. Ultimately, you will end up paying with after-tax money, which defeats the purpose of trying to avoid taxes. If the transaction involves related persons, the loss deduction may not be allowed, resulting in paying more taxes than paying off the loan directly. This applies to both direct and indirect transactions, but not to property distributions from a corporation during complete liquidation. For a list of related persons, please refer to \"Related persons\" section."}
{"3330": "\n\nI utilize \"Money Manager Ex,\" a Windows application that I run on my PC to track my transactions and generate basic statistics. This program is available in two versions: a straightforward standalone application and a self-hosted web application."}
{"3331": "\n\nETFs operate on the basis of two values: the Net Asset Value (NAV) and the trading market price of each share in the fund, which are typically grouped in baskets of about 50,000 shares for the creation/redemption process. If the NAV is higher than the market price, arbitrageurs will buy shares at the market price and execute an in-kind transaction to sell for a profit worth the NAV value. Conversely, if the market price exceeds NAV, arbitrageurs will purchase underlying securities that can be exchanged in-kind for shares in the fund, then sold on the market for an immediate profit. The ETF Creation/Redemption Mechanism is a source that offers more information on this. It is worth noting that the high trading activity of the VXX could potentially impact market volatility. Finally, ETF returns are the combination of changes in share price and the distributions, which may be held as cash or reinvested to purchase more shares."}
{"3332": "\n\nI recommend choosing option B as it is a safer choice. It allows more flexibility in case of unforeseen circumstances such as sudden job loss or emergencies."}
{"3333": "\n\nThe GreenLight service charges $5 per month and necessitates an adult primary account holder. The service enables an infinite number of accounts, including those for minors. I observed no minimum age restriction (refer to section \"Minors as Sub-Account Cardholders\") on their website https://www.greenlightcard.com/index.html. Please note, I have not personally tested this service."}
{"3334": "\n\nCertainly not, this information is confidential, much like how I wouldn't be able to call your bank and request the list of transactions you've made. Banks are required to ensure that the personal transactions of their clients are guarded, and would be subject to severe penalties if they disclosed this information without the client's authorization."}
{"3335": "\n\nAs a director of a Limited company, payments received should be accounted for as directors' remuneration and be subject to PAYE and NIC, regardless of whether the director is self-employed. While there is no legislation against a director receiving self-employment income from their company, HMRC's default position is that all payments from the directorship are subject to PAYE. However, it may be possible to invoice from an unconnected business or in a consultancy role that is not directly related to the business, depending on the circumstances and contracts in place. If a person also does work outside of their director role, they may have an employment contract and employment rights. It is possible for an employee or office holder to tender for work with their employer outside of their normal duties as long as they are operating as a self-employed contractor. If there is any doubt about whether service provided constitutes employment or self-employment, refer to the Employment Status Manual (ESM) under Section 62 ITEPA 2003 at HMRC. Sources include Monsoon at AAT forum, David Griffiths at UKBF, Paula Sparrow, Abutalib at AW, and Gov.uk."}
{"3336": "\n\nWhen purchasing equipment from a supplier and seeking financial assistance, you enter a finance company armed with a written quote. After filling out necessary paperwork and signing a promissory note, the finance company will issue a check to the supplier for the quoted equipment cost. To obtain approval, potential borrowers must typically provide their social security number and consent to a credit check. It is vital to note that banks typically offer better loan rates than finance companies. Only when credit prevents approval from a bank should people consider using finance companies or borrowing from heating and cooling companies. When possible, it is prudent to save money for items like furniture, cars, clothing, jewelry, and the like rather than taking out personal loans. While there might be circumstances where borrowing is necessary, such as emergency situations like a furnace breaking in winter, using loans for luxury purchases or upgrading appliances is financially unwise."}
{"3337": "\n\nAfter your first payments, you have paid $20,645 and your sister has paid $1,400. However, your sister also owes rent which, estimated at zeroth order, is equal to the mortgage payment of $2,045 (assuming your total payment is not just your escrow payment). This means your sister's net capital contribution is now negative $645. So, you are essentially gifting your sister $7,740 annually while holding sole equity in the property. Fortunately, the gift tax exclusion allows for $14,000 per year, per person, so you and your husband could each claim it separately. This would permit you to add $20,260 to your sister's capital contribution annually, or more if you are willing to pay the gift tax. It is important to note that any losses from the property will fall solely on you, and any profits should be enjoyed solely by you, unless there is a prior agreement in place. If the house's value were to rise to $1,000,000 after a year and you split the profits with your sister 50:50, without paying gift tax, you would be violating tax law."}
{"3338": "\n\nThe PEG ratio stands for Price to Earnings Growth. While I can't recall its exact formula, I do recall that a PEG ratio of 1-2 meets Graham & Dodd's criteria of being a sound investment."}
{"3339": "\n\nThe card you have is a secured limit credit card, which required you to deposit an amount equivalent to your card limit. Capital One is one of the primary issuers of this type of card. Unlike traditional credit cards, using this card to build your credit score does not follow typical rules. Therefore, it is recommended to use the card frequently and pay off the balance regularly to keep your limit available. You can even pay your full balance plus an extra 10% to increase your limit. Requesting a limit increase every three months and using the card often can demonstrate creditworthiness, and the issuer may increase your limit without requiring an additional security deposit after a few months of usage. This method has proven successful in helping your son repair his credit score, as it increased by almost 200 points last year."}
{"3340": "\n\nUpon closer inspection, it appears that Victor's answer is mostly accurate. What needs to be highlighted on the Google Finance graph is the SMA (###d) labeled in red, which indicates that the period units are in days. If the time axis is altered, the graph will switch to SMA (###m) for periods in minutes or SMA (###w) for periods in weeks. I hope this clarifies any confusion!"}
{"3341": "\n\nRevised: A potential career path for someone interested in finance could include the following steps. First, seek out a part-time sales job, such as selling appliances at Sears. If successful in this role, consider pursuing a career as a stock broker or investment adviser in Boise, which involves sales skills. With demonstrated proficiency in this role, one could aspire to become a portfolio manager, including possibly managing hedge funds for clients acquired during one's tenure as a stockbroker or investment consultant. This appears to be a path taken by many successful finance professionals. An alternative path is to pursue an MBA from a top 10 business school."}
{"3342": "\n\nWhile it is not possible to directly invest in an index, you can opt for a fund that invests in the same securities as the index. For instance, when dealing with an auto index, you may choose to invest in a fund that purchases stocks of car companies. You can explore the list of funds that Google Finance has compiled for INDEXDJX:REIT. Although not directly related to your query, you could also consider investing in Vanguard REIT ETF. I hope this provides a satisfactory answer to your question."}
{"3343": "\n\nRevised: A credit balance indicates that you have overpaid, but there is no need to worry as it will be automatically applied to any future charges. There are two reasons why this could occur: either you genuinely paid more than the owed amount, or you paid for a charge that is still 'pending' and has not yet been factored into the total amount owed. Pending charges can take up to a day or more to process, particularly in the case of restaurant bills where the final amount including tip is not known at the time of payment. However, once the pending charge is settled and posted, it will match up with the original amount paid."}
{"3344": "\n\nHow does paying rent for her apartment affect your legal status when compared to that of a tenant? I raise this question to highlight that your relationship with her is primarily a business one. If you do not wish to file taxes jointly, you are under no legal obligation to do so. (Although in most countries, there are benefits to filing jointly.) I believe that it would be challenging to make a case for joint filing in your situation. As far as I know, there are no laws prohibiting a landlord-tenant relationship between individuals of opposite sexes, nor are there any laws prohibiting romantic relationships between a landlord and a tenant. In fact, you would need to provide evidence to establish such a relationship. For instance, when determining the date of separation from my soon-to-be-ex-wife, I verified that we did not present as a married couple. This was demonstrated by the fact that we did not sit together at church, and she attended parties that I did not. In reality, proving a romantic relationship is more difficult than proving the opposite."}
{"3345": "\n\nThe answer to whether a country needs to borrow money or not depends on various factors such as its currency status and debt denomination. If a country is a currency issuer with a floating exchange rate, like the United States, it does not have real debt since it can always print its currency. However, this was not the case before four decades ago when the US was on a gold standard. People still mistakenly believe that currency issuers need to borrow to spend, but this is an outdated view. Countries that do not issue their currencies need to earn or borrow to spend. A state in the US or Greece, borrowing Euros, is the perfect example of this.\n\nInterestingly, a blog titled \"Where Does the Money Come From\" on pragcap.com explores a similar question. The US does not have to borrow money since it creates its currency. The phrase \"Thinking is hard, that's why we don't do it a lot\" from a video sums up the issue nicely."}
{"3346": "\n\nThe income tax was introduced to tap into the economic gains of the growing population with medium to high incomes. While originally aimed at the extremely wealthy, most of the Federal revenue earlier came from excise taxes and tariffs, which had negative economic implications, limited revenue opportunities, and posed international and domestic political challenges. Since the income tax required a constitutional amendment, there was no scope of it being a short-term solution."}
{"3347": "\n\nI frequently manage my credit rating, and by doing so I have seen steady increases over time. My credit alert service informs me of quarterly credit report updates, so I avoid high balances during those times. My strategy involves using negative hard pulls to boost my score by lowering my credit utilization ratio and strengthening my credit history. However, I caution that this approach may not be suitable for everyone, and it requires discipline and responsible spending habits. Here's how it works for me:\n\nMonth 1: Charge cards and pay the minimum balance, resulting in a modest score increase.\nMonth 2: Pay off all credit cards using cash on hand, resulting in a significant score increase.\nMonth 3: Obtain a credit report showing low balances, charge cards, and pay the minimum balance, while also seeking out credit line extensions and new offers. Be mindful that each credit inquiry may lower your score temporarily.\nMonth 4: Charge cards, pay the minimum balance, and approve discretionary hard pulls (such as for cell phone contracts, car rentals or employment). Keep in mind that too many hard pulls may negatively affect your score.\nMonth 5: Pay off credit cards with cash on hand, ensuring that you maintain a credit utilization ratio of no more than 15% and avoid overleveraging.\nMonth 6: Check your credit report, which will show a slight score decrease from the previous quarter due to the hard pulls, but overall, your score will remain high as long as you continue your responsible financial habits."}
{"3348": "\n\nIt is assumed that this pertains to the US. Is this illegal? If so, what are the consequences of getting caught? Committing mortgage/occupancy fraud can result in imprisonment and significant financial penalties, as it is a federal crime. An occupancy affidavit signed during closing stating the intention to move in within 60 days and not doing so constitutes fraud. Generally, if the lender is receiving payment on time, delays in moving in may go unnoticed. However, renting out the property before moving in is riskier, especially if rental licensing is required or if the rental income is needed to pay the mortgage. It is unclear how frequently people are caught or punished for this type of fraud, but the consequences are severe, making it not worth the risk."}
{"3349": "\n\nThe last sentence of your question actually answers it: More volume indicates higher interest in the stock, leading to a well-matched supply and demand. However, if the stock is illiquid, there is a greater likelihood of a wider spread and slippage. Even if the spread is initially small, if no new buyers or sellers enter at the last transacted price, the bid-ask spread may widen significantly. Consider MDG, whose 50-day moving average volume is just 1200 shares per day (and does not trade every day). As a result, there is already an 86% spread from the bid price. If a new bid is entered to match and take out the offer price at $0.039, the spread would immediately increase to 614% from the bid price."}
{"3350": "\n\nIf you're conducting business in the EU, you should be aware of Directive 2000/35/EC (also known as the Late Payment Directive). The directive used to set the statutory rate at 7% above the European Central Bank main rate. However, it has since been replaced by Directive 2011/7/EU, which now sets the statutory rate at ECB + 8%. It's worth noting that EU Directives must be implemented as laws by each individual government, which can take several months, so some countries may still be operating under the old directive. Additionally, since the UK does not participate in the Euro, it does not follow the ECB rate."}
{"3351": "\n\nTo ensure that your new address is used, it's best to call and inform them. Doing it online may result in delays, so be cautious. It's important to keep in mind that requesting a replacement debit card immediately after changing your address online can be suspicious activity, as it's something a hacker or thief may do to access your funds. Calling would be the safer route to take, as it allows for additional identity verification, preventing potential automated blocks."}
{"3352": "\n\nRevised: Fully paying off your car loan may not necessarily improve your credit score and in fact, it could decrease it. Car loans are considered installment loans, which differ from consumer credit, and creditors tend to value timely repayment over early repayment. Keeping an open line of credit and managing it well is preferred. However, paying off the loan early could result in a temporary small reduction in your credit score due to a hard inquiry lasting up to two years. Thus, while paying off the loan may not harm your credit score significantly, it is unlikely to benefit it either."}
{"3353": "\n\nAs this post was moved from Parenting, I want to clarify my point. The best way to save for your child's future is to prioritize paying off your debt. The average American carries debt on a car (6-10%), multiple credit cards (ranging from 10-25%), college loans (5-15%), signature loans (8-15%), or secured bank loans (4-8%). To begin, stop living beyond your means and incurring more debt. This might mean cutting back on non-essential expenses, such as cable. Use tax returns and savings from reducing expenses to pay off large debts. It takes willpower and a long-term plan, but investing in your financial stability will set the foundation for your children's success. By reducing your debt now, you will lower long-term expenditures and make it easier to afford the cost of higher education."}
{"3354": "\n\nWhy would anyone invest in a long-term bond fund during a market with rock-bottom interest rates? Firstly, it's presumptive to assume that interest rates have reached their lowest point as unexpected events can affect the market. For example, no one expected Lehman Brothers to go bankrupt. Secondly, long-term investors who are willing to wait out a fluctuating bond market could benefit from a steady 2-3% dividend payment during that period."}
{"3355": "\n\nThe book value of a company is calculated by subtracting total liabilities from total assets. Increasing total assets while keeping total liabilities the same will increase the difference, resulting in a higher book value. For example, if a company has total assets of $4 and total liabilities of $3, its book value would be $1. However, if the company adds $2 to its assets, the book value would be 4+2-3=6-3=3, which is greater than the initial value of $1. For more information on these terms, Investopedia and Ready Ratios provide helpful definitions. Depending on how the reinvestment is used, the outcome can be different. If the reinvestment is used to purchase assets that appreciate in value, this will increase equity. However, if the money is used to expand the marketing department, the calculation could be more complex and dependent on assumptions. Essentially, the outcome depends on how the game is played, so there is no definitive answer."}
{"3356": "\n\nAccording to the New York Times, cash is primarily stored overseas for tax optimization purposes. Apple, for instance, channels money obtained from song or app purchases made in Europe, Africa or the Middle East to iTunes S\u00e0rl in Luxembourg. Additionally, royalties earned from patents are transferred from Apple in California to Apple in Ireland, and then profits flow to the Caribbean. However, a major challenge is that bringing this cash back to the US attracts exorbitant taxes."}
{"3357": "\n\nThe algorithm they use may be different and proprietary. However, my approach would be to assume that daily stock changes follow a normal distribution, represented by a bell curve in the chart's green area. To determine the center and width of the curve, I would calculate the average and standard deviation of historical returns and adjust it based on expected returns and implied volatility from option prices. Next, I would use standard lognormal distribution formulas to calculate the probability of the stock's price crossing the strike price. It is important to note that there are several assumptions involved, and ultimately, it is a probability with no certainty of accuracy. The stock will either cross the strike or it won't."}
{"3358": "\n\nTechnically, any company has the potential to go bankrupt. However, it is important to note that when a company goes bankrupt, its stock may become worthless, but the stock's disappearance or delisting does not necessarily indicate that the company has gone bankrupt. Bankruptcy impacts a company's debt and applies to more than just its stock.\n\nThere are warning signs of bankruptcy, and if evident enough, a few things could happen. Another company, such as another exchange or holding firm, could buy out the struggling exchange, and the companies traded on it would transfer to the new company formed. Alternatively, other firms or governments could bail out the exchange, although the likelihood of this depends on multiple factors like political will or the government in question.\n\nFor smaller exchanges, they could close all open positions at a set price. However, this may not be a feasible option for larger exchanges like the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, which lists thousands of products and manages hundreds of millions of transactions.\n\nIf none of the above options worked, companies listed on the exchange would actively move to other, more financially stable exchanges. It is important to note that these companies would not necessarily go bankrupt, and contracts could always be listed on other exchanges as well.\n\nThe options above primarily apply to publicly traded stock exchanges as not all stock exchanges are publicly held entities. For example, the Shanghai Stock Exchange is a quasi-governmental organization, so if it goes bankrupt, option 2, in which it already receives government backing, would apply."}
{"3359": "\n\nUpon reading your responses to the comments, it appears that you remain convinced that obtaining 0% credit is always possible and that nothing negative will ever come from it. However, it's important to note that credit cards offering 0% balance transfers are quite rare, and most of them have transfer fees that act similarly to interest rates. This change likely occurred about a decade ago, without much attention. It's vital to learn from this experience and consider future changes in the financial sphere. Many websites recount disastrous credit scenarios where individuals played a dangerous game of musical chairs with their credit, only to find themselves without anywhere to sit when the music stopped. Life changes such as job loss, medical bills, natural disasters, and unexpected taxes can all impact someone's ability to make timely payments. Late payments can start a downward spiral that can have long-term negative consequences, both financially and mentally. This is first-hand knowledge gained through experience shared by me and my loved ones - it's not worth the suffering. Therefore, it is advisable to get out of debt as soon as possible.\n\nYou mentioned investing the money instead of paying off the debt and how you are making a 7% delta between your prevailing investment rate. However, your calculations likely did not include the balance transfer fee. Please note that investments do not always yield profits. For instance, 2015 was mostly flat, and we haven't seen a significant market correction in a long time, which many say is long overdue. Additionally, you need to consider the amount of money you are investing. For example, let's say there is no balance transfer fee, and you can guarantee a 7% return. Suppose you are floating $10k; in this ideal scenario, you earn $700. However, if $700 is a significant sum, you might need to consider getting a second job that pays that amount every two weeks - this could be life-changing. Finally, evaluate the opportunities that you're missing by using so much mental energy to earn $700, which is better spent elsewhere. Ultimately, it's best to pay off debts as soon as possible as it has long-term benefits."}
{"3360": "In the 19th and early 20th centuries, monopolies called \"Trusts\" were a problem, which is why we have antitrust laws today. These trusts used their considerable influence to control both customers and suppliers. They were not created to evade taxes; in fact, trusts existed before permanent income taxes were introduced. While temporary income taxes were used to pay for wars, people evaded taxes by shifting expenses from personal to business or charity expenses. Businesses paid for travel, meals, and other expenses, while charities paid for promotional activities. To pay employees, one could fund a charitable organization and use the money to pay them. One could even declare their home a historical landmark and have a charity maintain it. These tax evasion tactics no longer work since the IRS is now more vigilant in tracking personal expenditures disguised as business expenses. Tax policies have also changed, so some tactics no longer work, and other places have even fewer tax regulations to adhere to. \n\nIt is uncertain if tax evasion would be omnipresent again if the US returns to the high tax rates of the 1950s or 1970s. Currently, the rich pay a higher percentage of income taxes than before, and even compared to rich people in other countries with higher marginal tax rates. This is partly due to the higher number of rich people in the US and tax policy. High income taxes would make it hard to become rich."}
{"3361": "\n\nI wouldn't compare it to apples and oranges; it's actually an opportunity cost calculation. If we assume that the S&P500 will perform at least 11% over any 10 year period, with continually growing companies replacing delisted ones, we can predict a growing market. While it's not guaranteed, we can use an aggressive inflation rate of 4% and estimate a 7% ROR for the S&P500. Assuming that the OP has better credit than me, we can assume a rate of about 3.5%, which results in a net 3.5% ROR. However, the PMI will erase that gain and must be paid until the loan is fully paid off. To avoid PMI, consider putting down 20% and getting a 15-year fixed-rate at the lowest rate possible. By paying off the loan quicker, you can save even more money in the long run."}
{"3362": "\n\nAt an introductory level Microeconomics class, one cannot expect to learn much. However, Economics is still a valuable subject worth studying. Personally, I enjoyed both my Micro and Macro courses. Nonetheless, I found a class on linear regression to be more beneficial for gaining investing knowledge."}
{"3363": "\n\nThere are two important considerations when it comes to share schemes. Firstly, there are tax benefits for long-term holding, and with ESPPs, higher earnings can qualify for lower taxes. Secondly, depending on local laws, some share schemes may allow individuals to avoid some or all income tax. For instance, in the UK, shares valued at \u00a32000 are treated differently from cash vested, with restricted stocks or options only becoming available for sale or exercise years after they were granted, provided the employee fulfills their contract by staying with the same employer through the vesting period. This incentivizes employees to remain with their employer, with job retention being the priority, rather than exercising the same day. Further grants may be offered, which would need to vest, and so on, meaning employees are likely to remain with the same employer for an extended period, knowing that quitting would lead to forfeiting the grants."}
{"3364": "\n\nDue to the current zero percent interest rate on the Euro, it is unlikely that you will find any investment offering a 5% return without significant risk. Currently, one of the few investment options that still provides reliable profits with reasonable risk is real estate. Urban real estate prices in Germany have been on the rise, and this is attributed to the low interest rates. This has made it an opportune time to take out a loan to purchase a home, leading to high demand and driving up the prices in the area. It is important to note that investing in real estate does not necessarily mean you have to buy a property, as investing in a real estate fund is an option. By investing in an immobilienfond, you own a portion of many properties, which helps to spread out the risk and enables flexible investment amounts. However, it is essential to recognize that these funds can be less liquid, with the two-year hold requirement and the one-year selling announcement obligation. Additionally, investing in real estate carries risk, as the current surge in prices could indicate a potential real estate bubble. This is still a highly debated topic among financial analysts. Finally, when the European Central Bank begins to raise interest rates once again, demand for real estate may drop, causing prices to fall as well. It is highly recommended to seek investment advice from a trustworthy source, such as a German bank."}
{"3365": "\n\nRewritten: To offset the gain for A, you can use the loss for B and complete a schedule 3 with cost base and proceeds of disposition. This will result in a $0 capital gain for the year, and you can carry forward $5 (50% of the $10 loss) to offset future capital gains. Alternatively, you can file a T1-a form and carry the losses back up to 3 years. However, the losses cannot be used to offset other income, except in the case of death. Additionally, C and D trades cannot be on income account, except under unusual circumstances, and using two separate accounting methods is generally not acceptable to the CRA. It is best to use capital gains, except when short selling Canadian listed securities. In this case, you must fill out form T-123 to elect to have them treated as capital gains. There is one caveat to carrying forward capital losses \u2013 they no longer reduce your capital gains, but instead reduce your taxable income. This means that your net income will not be reduced, and benefits that are calculated from that (line 236) will not increase."}
{"3366": "\n\nAlthough it's uncertain, this could possibly be intermarket data. It's possible that if the stock is interlisted and being traded on another market exchange that day, then the Yahoo Finance data feed may have detected and picked up the data from that other market. To obtain clarification, you may need to reach out to Yahoo and ask for an explanation, and they would have to review their data."}
{"3367": "\n\nIt appears that you have a misconception about why you are mostly paying interest in the first year of your loan. The primary reason for this is that the principal amount that you owe is at its highest during the initial year. Although you will make some progress in paying down the principal during this time, it will only have a minor impact on your overall interest owed. However, with each passing year, you will see a reduction in the principal amount owed, resulting in less interest due.\n\nYour payments will remain consistent throughout the loan term, but as the principal amount decreases, a higher portion of each payment will go towards reducing the principal. This process of reducing your principal amount year after year is similar to compounding interest, but it is actually compounded principal reduction.\n\nIt's important to note that the reduction of your principal amount will not have any effect on the interest owed during the first 15 years in your case, as you did not start to reduce your principle until the 16th year.\n\nTo provide some specific numbers, let's say you have a $100,000 loan with a 3% interest rate, and you pay $5,000 annually (paying annually will keep things straightforward). In the first year, you will put $3,000 towards interest and $2,000 towards principal. By the end of the 30th year, you will have put $145 towards interest and $4,855 towards principal. Since your principal amount is so small at this point, your interest owed will also be quite minor.\n\nTherefore, it is essential to understand that the amount of interest paid in any given year of a loan is not solely determined by the length of the loan but is instead largely influenced by the principal amount still owed."}
{"3368": "\n\nRevised: Most governments, including the US, tend to spend more money than they collect through taxes, creating a deficit. To bridge this deficit, governments resort to selling bonds, which accumulate to form the national debt of a country. However, if a government is unable to pay interest or redeem its bonds, it may default on its payments, causing discontent among bondholders and making it difficult to sell future bonds. This has happened in countries like Argentina and Greece. Fortunately, the US is currently viewed as a reliable market, and its bonds remain popular despite its high interest payments and promises to redeem its bonds. Therefore, it continues to sell bonds regularly without facing the risk of default."}
{"3369": "\n\nThe PE ratio can be calculated by dividing the current share price by the earnings per share over the previous four quarters. This information can easily be found on stock quote websites, or you can calculate it manually using an income statement and the current stock quote."}
{"3370": "\n\nWhen comparing, focus on SPX, SPY NAV, and ES fair value. As previously stated, SPX is the index that others aim to replicate. Although SPY tracks it, slight deviations can occur, as noted by @Brick. That's why NAV or net asset value is published - it reflects the expected price. For SPY, NAV is usually very close due to the high number of participants. While the Management Expense Ratio (MER) is noteworthy, tracking error outweighs it. Tracking error considers the MER, trading expenses, and revenue from securities lending. To date, SPY has displayed a lower tracking error than the MER, which is not significant in price variances. When it comes to ES, it is the present price paid to receive SPX in the future (with cash settlement). Fair value must take into account dividends and interest. One can usually find fair value each morning to compare futures' perceived view of the underlying index. Pricing differences may arise due to distinct open/close calculations or viewing at different times of the day."}
{"3371": "\n\nThe scope of stop and trailing stop orders available to you will largely depend on your broker. However, it is worth noting that I have yet to come across a broker that offers limit orders in combination with trailing stop orders. Typically, trailing stop orders are only offered as market orders, whereby you can specify either a dollar value or a percentage from the recent high. Please be aware that trailing stops are based on intra-day highs and do not take into account the highest closing price. As a precaution, you may find it useful to base trailing stops on the highest closing price by using standard stop loss orders and adjusting them accordingly based on this metric after the close of trade. While this may require additional effort, it provides you with more control and enables you to attach limit orders to your stop loss triggers. This also allows you to avoid keeping your trailing stop too close to the most recent high price and hence getting stopped out prematurely.\n\nOn a slightly different note, some brokers offer Trailing Take Profit Orders as a tool for range traders. Here, you can specify your trailing take profit trigger at or near recent resistance levels, making it easier to exit if prices start reversing in that zone. By using this order, you can incur additional profits if the price breaks through the resistance barrier. For example, if you set a profit target of 50% and buy a security at $2, you could set your Trailing Take Profit Trigger at $3.10 or above, with a trail by amount of $0.10. Doing so would allow you to exit at $3.00 if the price falls after hitting $3.10 or exit at $3.20 if it hits $3.30 and falls to $3.20. The Trailing Take Profit order will continue to move up, always $0.10 below the highest price reached."}
{"3372": "\n\nDebt can be denominated in a currency that a country controls or in a currency that it does not control. If a country's debt is in a currency it controls, it has the option of \"printing their way out of it.\" However, this option has a cost as it would devalue the country's currency on the global market and negatively affect savers within the country. If a country's debt is in a currency it does not control, the option of printing money is not available. The United States' debt is denominated in US dollars, allowing the government to print money if desired. In contrast, Greece's debt is denominated in euros, putting them at the mercy of European bankers."}
{"3373": "\n\nThe product that meets your desired specifications is a fixed immediate annuity with inflation adjustment. The standard fixed annuity available for a 40-year-old male in the US (as per the site I used) offers a 4.6% return annually. To receive an annual payout of $6,000, you would need to pay approximately $130,000. However, the cost to include the inflation adder increases the overall cost to around 50% more, which brings the total to almost $200,000. Please note that this is an insurance product, and for more accurate pricing information, it's best to contact a local insurance provider."}
{"3374": "\n\nIn the past, options would expire on the 3rd Wednesday of March, June, September, and December, as this day was not considered a holiday (please refer to IMM dates). However, due to the increasing use of options, there are now monthly and weekly options available with varying expiration schedules. The contract will indicate when the options expire, as determined by the exchange."}
{"3375": "\n\nThe LLC may have outstanding debts to the California FTB, but this is not your personal responsibility. Any LLC operating in California is required to pay a minimum of $800 every year until a notice of cancellation/dissolution is filed with the California Secretary of State. However, if it can be proven that the failure to pay was due to your negligence, the FTB may come after members (including you) personally. Therefore, it is important to consult with a CA-licensed EA/CPA to understand how to resolve this issue. Based on the information provided, it appears that there are no other taxable events. While the IRS does not generally consider LLCs as significant entities, it is always advisable to seek the advice of a professional, such as a CPA/EA licensed in your state, when in doubt."}
{"3376": "\n\n\nThe IRS provides a specific definition for income. When it comes to taxable vs nontaxable income, they state that income can be received in the form of money, property or services. The IRS also discusses numerous kinds of income that are taxable, including employee wages and benefits, as well as income from bartering, partnerships, S corporations, and royalties. In the case of bartering, which involves an exchange of property or services, it is subject to taxation at fair market value. Publication 525, Taxable and Nontaxable Income, provides comprehensive details on all types of income.\n\nIt is important to note that if your employer pays you in virtual currency such as Bitcoin, it is considered income and must be reported accordingly. The same goes for payment in gold or foreign currency. The fair market value is the determining factor for calculating taxable income. It is advised to keep track of prices for each pay period to determine the total fair value of your pay. If you fail to report this income, you must file an amended return using Form 1040X. Further information on the subject is available in Tax Topic 420 - Bartering Income and Barter Exchanges."}
{"3377": "\n\nThis company is currently in decline and appears to be utilized as a vehicle for institutional-sized \"pump and dump\" schemes, often involving new toxic financing arrangements being introduced on a weekly basis. Further research into Kalani Investments may shed light on their involvement in these activities."}
{"3378": "\n\nRevised:\n\nShareholders are granted a retraction privilege, which allows them to demand repayment of the principal. If this right is exercised, the shares will be exchanged for principal plus a sweetener and/or less a penalty. However, only shares that are matched by the employer have retraction privileges, while unmatched shares do not qualify. It is important to thoroughly read all contracts. The retraction privilege essentially allows for a way to \"cash out\" of preferred shares. Additionally, shareholders are granted the consent to resale, which gives them the power to resell the retracted shares. If consent is granted, the corporation is authorized to sell the shares to another party. If consent is withheld, the corporation must retire the shares and issue new ones to maintain the same number of shares outstanding. It is likely that withholding consent may result in penalties, while granting consent may come with a sweetener."}
{"3379": "\n\nRevised: If you have stock options, it means you've earned a rightful portion of the company's capital appreciation. A takeover of the company usually signals interest, making it valuable. Missing out on striking before the expiration date would be unwise, as the strike price is usually lower than the market price, and takeovers generally increase stock values \u2013 it's all about capital gains. Please note that these are personal observations, and for investment-related advice, seek the guidance of a professional. Best of luck."}
{"3380": "\n\nThe given text is already in a clear and concise form. However, slight modifications could be made to further enhance its readability and coherence. One possible revision could be:\n\nAfter running the regression R_{i,t} = a + bR_{m,t} + e_t, we can isolate the variation of R_{i,t} that is not correlated with the market's variation by analyzing the term a + e_t."}
{"3381": "\n\nEarnings per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing a company's profit (or loss) by the number of outstanding shares. It is important to compare this figure to the share price; for example, an EPS of $1 and a share price of $10 means that the EPS represents 10% of the share price. This indicates that, if the company maintains this level of profit, you can expect to earn 10% annually on your investment in the long run. While stock prices may fluctuate, a profitable company will eventually lead to profits for its investors.\n\nA low EPS is seen as an opportunity for growth, either through increased profit margins or expected business expansion. However, investing in companies expected to grow carries risk, as slow growth can lead to financial losses for investors. It is important to note that the listed EPS, like other key figures, is based on the last financial statement, and changes in market expectations may occur following recent developments. Additionally, some companies experience high fluctuations in their earnings; for example, movie or video game production companies may see large incomes following a new release, but lower earnings during other periods. It is necessary to examine long-term data when determining a company's profitability."}
{"3382": "\n\nIf you trade CFDs using margin, you will typically be subject to an overnight financing fee for long positions held overnight and an overnight financing credit for short positions held overnight. Most CFD brokers base their overnight financing rates on the country's official interest rates, with rates usually set at + or - 2.5% or 3%. For example, if your country's official interest rate is 5% and your broker uses + or - 2.5%, you will pay a 7.5% fee for long positions held overnight and receive a 2.5% credit for short positions held overnight.\n\nIn Australia, the official interest rate is currently 2.5%, meaning that traders will pay a 5% fee for long positions held overnight and receive 0% for short positions held overnight. If you plan on holding positions long-term, especially long positions, it may be wise to consider alternatives to CFDs since the interest fees can add up over time. Keep in mind that these fees are charged on borrowed funds, and if you were to buy shares directly, you would not be subject to such overnight financing fees."}
{"3383": "\n\nThis seems like a reasonable plan. However, with my annual salary of $45000, two car payments, credit card, and student loan debt, it may be challenging to afford a house. Nonetheless, I was able to secure a $116000 house through a USDA loan. Please note that there are specific limitations on debt when applying for a USDA loan, and the house will undergo different inspections. For instance, we could not receive approval until the seller installed a handrail on a set of exterior stairs. This regulation is exclusive to USDA along with a few others. I recently experienced this process in southern Indiana. It's essential to set aside some money for unforeseen expenses like buying a lawnmower or replacing damaged siding, which happened to us shortly after moving in. Additionally, I advise shopping around for homeowner's insurance. I was able to find a provider that matched my budget and even saved money on my car insurance."}
{"3384": "\n\nreflected as an increase of $42,500 in Equity. \n\nRevised: \n\nThe changes in Equity are as follows: A total change of $42,500 has occurred, which can be attributed to the change in Retained Earnings (net income). Thus, an increase of $42,500 in Equity reflects the net income."}
{"3385": "\n\nWhile hindsight is 20/20, I have some suggestions for how the situation could have been handled. One option would have been to inform the bank of the delay and ask if they could extend the loan terms until the truck was ready. Another alternative would have been to take out the loan (assuming it was secured on the truck) and deposit the money into a savings account, while negotiating with the dealer to cover the interest until the truck arrived. Additionally, it may have been possible to request a rental truck from the dealer until the intended one was available. Although I cannot guarantee that these solutions would have been effective, they are certainly worth considering."}
{"3386": "\n\nWhen I purchased my home, mortgage lenders utilized a 3 x salary ratio, which included joint salaries. Unfortunately, relaxing this ratio has contributed to the current housing crisis. I commend your intelligence for choosing to buy instead of rent, but it is important to consider the short-term fluctuations in housing prices. I anticipate that prices may decrease further, making purchasing easier the longer you wait. Once prices reach rock bottom, and you are confident they will not decrease further, then it may be worth taking a risk. It's important to note that if housing prices continue to rise, selling your property to gain the increased value is an option, even if you lose your job and cannot pay. It's necessary to recognize that obtaining the mortgage is merely the first step, as paying it off over time is the real challenge."}
{"3387": "\n\nPlease be cautious: If ACME operates in California, I must pay taxes on USD 17,000 due to the USD 20,000 revenue and USD 3,000 in expenses incurred. It is noteworthy that California requires S-Corps to pay taxes, and furthermore, a fee of $800 must be paid to conduct business in the state. In addition to this, regular Federal and State taxes must also be paid to the state of one's residency. On the other hand, if ACME operates in the UK or any other foreign country, everything remains the same except that taxes must be paid to the UK instead of California. Nonetheless, there may be provisions in the tax treaty that can be utilized to one's advantage, decreasing the amount of taxes owed while working in the UK. It is recommended to consult a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) who is knowledgeable in \"Tax Treaty\" matters, since they may be able to assist with such scenarios. Additionally, the decision of whether to use your S-Corporation to conduct business in a foreign country should be made based on business, not solely tax purposes."}
{"3388": "\n\nHere is the revised text:\n\nThe procedure involves two steps. Firstly, you determine the age at which you plan to retire, as well as the annual benefit amount you desire. Suppose this amount is $10,000. You can easily obtain the present value of a $10k/yr annuity that begins at a certain age by performing a quick online search. For instance, assuming you are a 62-year-old male, you can use the Immediate Annuity tool which calculates it to be $147,000.\n\nNext, you need to calculate the annual contributions you should make to achieve a balance of $147K by the time you retire. To do so, you will need a finance calculator that can assist in this calculation based on your current age.\n\nHowever, the one factor that is uncertain is determining the cost of money until you reach retirement age. Choosing what value to use for this is the larger unknown since it can range from 4% to 6%."}
{"3389": "\n\nThere are various methods to gauge market sentiment, commonly known as \"sentiment indicators\". These have shown to be effective in indicating market tops through high readings and market bottoms through low readings. The challenge, however, is that there are no consistent thresholds that reliably work. For instance, a sentiment indicator may record 62 at one market top, but 55 at the next. This variability makes it difficult to use these indicators in future predictions. Moreover, after over 30 years of experience, I have yet to come across any strategy that consistently identifies market tops in real time. The most reliable indicator I have found is a price drop accompanied by bearish breadth divergence, as explained in \"Stan Weinstein's Secrets For Profiting in Bull and Bear Markets\". Market bottoms are slightly easier to pinpoint in real time. If you are seeking an advantage in investing, I recommend examining the results of Mark Hulbert's newsletter surveillance. Almost all of these newsletters rise and fall with the market, and few outperform buy and hold of the Wilshire 5000 over the long run."}
{"3390": "\n\nTo create something similar, you need to determine the PE ratio manually from the financial statements. If you want to obtain the PE ratio for each company, you can use the Edgar database, although it may not have information dating back to 1950. Alternatively, this blog offers a graph of the DJIA PE ratio from 1929 to 2009."}
{"3391": "\n\nRevised: How to Utilize Your Shares: As a shareholder of common shares in a company (not including a fund), you possess the right to exercise one vote per share during shareholders' meetings. These meetings typically take place once a year to address questions related to auditors or board of director approval. You will receive a form requesting your input. Notably, while common shares allow for voting rights, preferred shares do not. I would advise against owning shares in a company due to the potential risk involved. Instead, investing in ETFs or mutual funds can spread risk and reduce your exposure. Owning shares can serve two purposes: gaining access to declared dividends and selling shares for profit at a later date. Additionally, an obscure option is to sell covered put options; however, this is not relevant at this moment. I recommend signing up for a daily email from www.investorwords.com for further information."}
{"3392": "\n\nThere are numerous excellent responses, but I am particularly fond of this one: setting aside one month's expenses for every percentage point of unemployment. As a result, it would generally fluctuate between five and ten months. During prosperous economic periods, you may have less apprehension, but when conditions become challenging, consider bolstering your savings."}
{"3393": "\n\nAs many have stated, numerous factors contribute to whether buying or renting a home makes more sense. However, in my situation, I received assistance from my father for the initial payment on my property. Even with upkeep and mortgage expenses, my overall costs are lower than if I were renting. If I were to sell my home and only receive one dollar during the closing process, I would still be at an advantage compared to renting. I highly recommend utilizing The New York Times' exceptional tool that helps determine if purchasing or renting is the more desirable option. The resource poses relevant questions and provides insight into how inexpensive rent must be to outweigh the benefits of homeownership. Click on this link to access the tool: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/upshot/buy-rent-calculator.html?_r=0"}
{"3394": "\n\nNo, dividends are not considered a part of earnings. Some companies may choose to distribute dividends even if they have no earnings. However, paying dividends does not have a negative impact on earnings. It does result in a decrease in cash and is reflected on the balance sheet. Some companies maintain a fixed dividend rate despite fluctuations in their earnings."}
{"3395": "\n\nMorningstar has a 10-year history available at http://financials.morningstar.com/ratios/r.html?t=JNJ&region=usa&culture=en-US."}
{"3396": "\n\nThe information regarding cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet is typically not very detailed. It can be assumed that a certain portion of these assets will be invested in liquid bonds. For more specific information, it is recommended to refer to the company's SEC filings such as annual reports."}
{"3397": "\n\nAlthough the standard deduction may diminish the figures, I utilized my preferred rent vs buy calculator, which is the most comprehensive, to evaluate your scenario, and your calculations are quite accurate. Nonetheless, numerous deductions are solely accessible if you itemize them. These include medical, moving, or job-related expenses, charitable donations, local taxes, property taxes, and private mortgage insurance, among others. The property tax on the house alone will almost equal the standard deduction, rendering it nearly negligible. In any case, the calculator linked above covers all of these aspects and more."}
{"3398": "\n\nRevised: Paying off your mortgage is similar to investing in a long-term taxable fixed instrument. While the current economy may offer a decent 4.7% return, the stock market generally promises higher returns in the long run. If your wife plans on staying home with your child(ren), it may be advisable to prioritize pre-tax contributions to IRAs and consider converting them to a Roth IRA when her income is lower. It's best to hold off on opening a 529 account until the child(ren) is born. When it comes to managed funds, high expenses can be a concern, so consider exploring lower cost options such as index mutual funds or ETFs. Apart from these changes, it may be best to wait on making any major financial decisions until after the child(ren) are born."}
{"3399": "\n\nI believe the best way to determine if a bubble exists is to wait until it inevitably bursts before making a purchase. If identifying a bubble was a straightforward task, they wouldn't occur in the first place."}
{"3400": "\n\n\"If the company is based in Texas, you can attempt a searchable entity tax research on the Texas Comptroller website.\""}
{"3401": "\n\nRevised: Real estate investment trusts (REITs) differ from typical corporate stocks like $AAPL. To begin evaluating an REIT, a helpful article is available, and further research is recommended to gain a comprehensive understanding. In assessing an REIT, it is suggested to examine funds from operations (FFO) instead of net income, with an emphasis on adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) which factors in necessary expenses for maintaining the real estate portfolio. AFFO is also an indicator of the REIT's dividend-paying ability. Additionally, considering the price-to-AFFO ratio and AFFO yield (AFFO/price) provides further insight into an REIT's analysis, seeking a reasonable multiple and potential growth in AFFO. Best of luck!"}
{"3402": "\n\nI recently experienced this issue with Chase, and upon speaking with my executive support contact, I was informed that the company will not return the funds unless specifically requested. This is unacceptable to me and serves as yet another reason why I am dissatisfied with working with Chase."}
{"3403": "\n\nRevised: If you don't anticipate carrying out many transactions per month, such as three or fewer withdrawals, it is advisable to opt for a savings account instead of a checking account as they have lower fees. In the case of a joint account that requires both account holders' signatures to make withdrawals, both parties' signature endorsements will likely be required for making deposits, such as receiving a tax refund from the U.S. Treasury or any check payable to both parties. Multi-party account ownership may lead to complications between cashing or depositing a joint check and account tax ID number. Upon opening the account, you will need to specify who can make deposits and withdrawals, and at least one party must be present with appropriate identification (probably tax ID or Social Security number). If there are three or more owners, you may need to open a business or commercial account due to the extra expense of administering an account with more than two signatories. North Carolina general banking statutes have specific rules for joint accounts, where two or more people can establish a deposit account, and the deposit and any balance shall be held as joint tenants. You will need to tell the bank explicitly what permissions you want for your joint account, and joint account terms are similar everywhere in North Carolina. The bank will need only one endorsement for an item drawn that is unclear whether one payee's endorsement or two is needed, and joint accounts may be used to pay the debts of any co-owner owed individually, by a co-owner or jointly with other parties."}
{"3404": "\n\nRevised: While it may lessen the impact on your credit score, why is it a concern? Once the debt is paid off in the next cycle, your credit score will likely return to its previous state. Unless you're currently seeking a loan and your credit is already borderline, there may be little reason to fret over it."}
{"3405": "\n\nI have utilized Bearsoft's money app on both Mac and iOS devices. The only drawback I have encountered is that you must purchase the app separately for each platform. Visit http://ibearmoney.com/money-mac.html to learn more."}
{"3406": "\n\nWhen I was in school, I experienced an issue with a parking ticket. The school police issued me the ticket, which was later dismissed because I had purchased a year-long parking pass. However, three years later, I received a letter alleging that I had an unpaid parking ticket. It appeared that the record of dismissal had been lost, but the record of the ticket being issued remained. I suspect that this occurs because legal entities may lose electronic records, restore data from backups without realizing that some data remains lost, or transition to new systems without properly transferring all real-world events. Unfortunately, the people you interact with often have no idea of these technical issues. Luckily, I had kept paperwork that showed I had received a judgement of dismissal. But what would you do if the state had lost all electronic records of your payments, and a collections agency has a record that you owe the ticket amount, while the state claims no record exists of your payment? In this case, you could compile a list of all possible banks you may have used, and request duplicate statements. Assuming you were a regular consumer, this should not take more than 100 pages or so. If you find the transactions in those records, you can consult a lawyer. States are not immune from lawsuits, so by fraudulently claiming you defaulted on payments, the state has caused you material harm, which a lawyer can help you handle. Getting the paperwork is hard enough, and finding someone in the state to listen to you and compensate you for your time and expenses is even harder. Ultimately, if you truly paid the tickets, you need to prove your innocence, and you are assumed guilty until you can do so. However, a good lawyer should be able to help you seek compensation."}
{"3407": "\n\nSpreadsheets have the potential to be dynamic by accessing data from the web. This article outlines the steps for accomplishing this."}
{"3408": "\n\nIf you are employed by a company in a tax haven and they provide your services to another employer, the tax haven company receives payment instead of you. This company may not even have to pay you since they can give you a tax-exempt loan. Although you don't pay tax on a loan, you are required to repay it at a rate the company deems acceptable. Sometimes the company may even write off the loan as unrecoverable. In such cases, you may not have paid any tax on the loaned money. However, the tax authorities may see this as a deliberate attempt to evade taxes, which is illegal. So, it's important to have evidence showing that the loans were taken out to supplement income and not as part of a tax scam. This proof can be expensive and requires hiring professional tax counsel. Sometimes, these tax loopholes exist because the number of people using them isn't enough to justify enforcement. Other times, a scheme may have been perfectly legal at some point in the past. For example, the government once recommended offshore education trusts to save tax, but now the law has changed. In some cases, there may be a retrospective tax charge, as happened with the 75% tax rate on certain accounts proposed by Gordon Brown. This was met with opposition from MPs who regarded it as retrospective taxation, and a loophole was created for a penalty-free return of funds. Imagine if a future Chancellor were to declare ISAs as evil and impose retrospective tax on dividends and capital gains from past decades, even if the ISA was underperforming. This has been suggested as a way to fill the budget gap by representing ISA holders as \"rich\" to a targeted group of voters."}
{"3409": "\n\nTo explore refinancing options, consider working with a bank or credit union. For a faster solution, utilize a service such as LendingTree to streamline the vetting process of multiple options. It is essential to apply within a brief period to avoid impacting your credit score negatively with excessive inquiries. Note that if your credit score is low, refinancing may not be possible. However, if this is the case, ensure timely payments for around six months before re-applying. Disclaimer: I have no affiliation or benefits from LendingTree."}
{"3410": "\n\nPlease review your calculation of A**. Using excel, I was able to replicate their calculations. Double check all the terms to ensure accuracy, as it can be easy to miss something. It appears they are estimating the interest rate, which may lead to incorrect adjustments. They continue to adjust until they see no further changes."}
{"3411": "\n\nWhile some may argue that understanding derivatives, particularly options trading, is intuitive, I personally find it to be quite complex. Often, the price is either \"in the money\" or not, in which an option that is out of the money only has time value. As the price of a stock increases and the option becomes more valuable, the time value decreases. For instance, a $40 strike price for a $40 stock may seem like a bet that the stock will rise, with no intrinsic value, and an option with a strike of $30 may have more premium with the intrinsic value at $10.68 and only $.68 in time premium. A calculator online may help one comprehend these complex trades. \n\nOne crucial consideration in options trading is volatility. Even if a stock rises at a steady rate, without much fluctuation, buying an option that is 10% out of the money would be futile. It's akin to looking at a bell curve, where there is a slim one-sixth chance of an event happening above a standard deviation. Thus, if the standard deviation is small, the likelihood of striking higher goals is also slight.\n\nI've written an article, \"Betting on Apple at 9 to 2,\" which details a pair of option trades set up with the aim of securing a 354% return if Apple's stock experience a 35% rise in two years. I offer this example to prove that options trading is not merely theoretical but practical, with many engaged in it. The trade on Apple intrigued me because its high volatility meant that a 35% increase wouldn't be the 4.5 to 1 risk that the market predicted. Currently, Apple needs to rise by at least 13% in ten months for this trade to yield a return. However, I must disclose that the extended time to expiration is both favorable and not; while it provides ample opportunity to recover a 35% loss, anything happening globally in two years may impact Apple's market negatively. Hence, the average investor may lack the patience required for long-term option trades."}
{"3412": "\n\nIs it possible to open a bank account in a foreign country without citizenship and without visiting the bank in person? While it is possible to open an account remotely, some banks require an address within the country for card issuance. For example, German online banks allow administrative tasks to be handled online and require only a passport for identification through video chat. However, it is important to note that French and German banks offer online services in French and German, respectively. If this does not deter you, I can recommend such banks in the comments. \n\nWhen it comes to investment services, some brokers allow you to invest in any European or American stock through a FCA-regulated account. However, investments are subject to currency rate exposure and dividends are distributed according to the foreign currency, which can lead to discrepancies in profit. For full control over cash flows, opening a trading account denominated in the desired currency, and potentially located in the country of investment, is recommended. Multi-currency trading accounts are also available and allow access to foreign exchange markets for easy transfer of funds, although a surcharge may apply. These accounts typically include unique IBANs for each subaccount."}
{"3413": "\n\nI have held accounts with both Interactive Brokers (IB) and Questrade. While much of what you may have heard about Questrade's performance during 2007-2009 may be true, I personally have not encountered any issues with their service. I find their QuestraderWEB service to be flawless and have experienced consistent improvements in their service over time. I recommend reading reviews by FrugalTrader and Canadian Capitalist, accompanied by the combined 1000+ comments, prior to making a decision.\n\nOn the other hand, Interactive Brokers is in a league of its own when it comes to real-time access. The TWS software offers daily, weekly, and monthly statements that are updated in real-time along with buying power, margin, and other data. Trading fees are lower than Questrade's, particularly if you trade in large volumes. Most of my trades cost $1, and IB offers exceptional services for forex trading. However, it is important to note that IB charges a minimum monthly fee of $10 ($3 for those under 25), which is deducted if you don't meet the minimum commission threshold. Furthermore, you must pay for other fees such as data and order cancellation. Additionally, IB does not offer registered accounts like TFSA or RRSP.\n\nUltimately, your choice between the two platforms should be dependent on your requirements. IB is a better option for those who trade frequently, whereas Questrade may be a more financially viable option for infrequent traders. Questrade offers a flat rate of commission with data included in its monthly fees for its QuestraderPRO and QuestraderELITE services. Conversely, IB offers a free trading platform, but you need to pay for everything else."}
{"3414": "Your scenario depicts two options that are \"in the money,\" not \"at the money.\" The former occurs when the share price is higher than the option strike price, while the latter occurs when the share price matches the strike price. Although this scenario is unlikely, it is important to note that the remaining time to expiration is a key factor in option pricing. The buyer's expectation of future stock price movement before expiration can significantly influence their option preference.\n\nIt is important to exercise caution when encountering such a situation. If this is a real-world scenario, there may be undisclosed information affecting the options that you are unaware of. Further, you did not provide the expiration dates of the options, which would impact their evaluation. Sharing this information would enable us to give you more helpful advice."}
{"3415": "\n\nRevised: From an Indian taxation angle, you can repatriate to India all the assets obtained during your NRI period without taxation. However, there is a seven-year time limit for doing so. This means that all assets, funds, etc. should be brought back to India within seven years, but there are certain conditions and paperwork that must be fulfilled. We suggest consulting a CA for further guidance."}
{"3416": "\n\nRevised: Oh no! This isn't always the case. Let's say you purchased a new car at an interest rate of 5-6% or even higher. That means you'll end up paying a lot of interest throughout the duration of the loan. However, sometimes trading in the vehicle at a lower rate can get you a lower, or sometimes even the same, payment despite an upgraded design with newer and safer technology. The catch? If you go from a new car to another new one, your car may depreciate faster than the amount you'd save from the interest savings on a new loan. Sometimes the tactics used to get you back to the dealership can be a little harsh, but if you do your research long before you plan to buy, you may come out ahead. Look closely at the interest you're paying on your loan and consider \"refinancing\" by taking advantage of the manufacturer's low APR special to offset the costs."}
{"3417": "\n\nThe shares that have been newly acquired will be subjected to a long-term holding period, regardless of when they are sold. Furthermore, only shares sold at a loss are considered under the wash sale, not shares sold for a gain. According to Wikipedia, in the event of a wash sale, the holding period of the replacement stock includes the period for which you held the stock you sold initially. For example, if you held shares of XYZ for ten years, sold them at a loss, and then bought them back within the wash sale period, any gains or losses will be considered long-term, irrespective of the time of the sale. As per Charles Schwab, suppose you buy 500 shares of ABC at $10 per share on 9/30/XX. A year later, the stock price drops, and you sell all your shares for $9 per share on 10/4/XY. On 10/6, ABC's price hits rock bottom at $8, so you buy 500 shares again. This sequence of trades would lead to a wash sale. The holding period of the initial shares would be added to that of the replacement shares, resulting in a long-term position."}
{"3418": "\n\nTo track the value of my portfolio over time, I rely on Yahoo Finance, which conveniently uses SigFig to connect to my Fidelity account. This integration enables me to view my exact portfolio and obtain a historical snapshot of its value. While I am uncertain which other websites SigFig supports, it may be worthwhile to explore this option. I have included a sample of my portfolio's value plot, though it may not be the most up-to-date representation, it still provides an idea of what to anticipate."}
{"3419": "\n\nAlthough the original question is specific, I will provide a general answer. The concern is determining the deductible travel expenses for a location over 1000 miles away. Typically, \"necessary and ordinary\" expenses are deductible for both businesses and rentals. However, what is considered necessary and ordinary? For instance, is it normal for a landlord to manage a property 1000 miles away by themselves every day, or is it typical for individuals to drive 1000 miles every week? The answer would be no to both situations. It would be more cost-effective to hire a local property manager, and flying may be cheaper than driving. Additionally, if the taxpayer claims 1000 miles is necessary and ordinary, they will need to justify it to the IRS examiner during an audit. Generally, the IRS allows one trip per year per property, and exceptional situations require justification. All expenses must be documented, including gas, hotel, and flight receipts. Personal expenses are not deductible, so any trip must be mainly business-related. However, if some pleasure is involved, the costs must be split accordingly. If a trip is necessary for checking out the property before purchase, it is an investment or business expense. Business expenses are deductible on Schedule C, while investment expenses are added to the cost of the property. Please note that this response is not intended to be tax advice, and it is best to consult with licensed tax professionals for more information."}
{"3420": "\n\nI believe that one of the main reasons why real estate is often considered a bad investment is due to the substantial changes in housing prices, which are significantly greater compared to the initial down payment required. Unfortunately, this situation is not uncommon, and it is not even the worst-case scenario of being underwater in your mortgage. Imagine the overwhelming disappointment and frustration of buying a home only to be burdened by debt, instead of fulfilling your dream of homeownership."}
{"3421": "\n\nA better version might be:\n\nA good starting point in researching a company is to examine its \"Balance Sheet\" (B/S), which will provide the total number of outstanding shares. Although the quarterly B/S may not be audited, it is still a reliable starting point. To incorporate any quantitative analysis, it is necessary to consider the growth of the outstanding shares number. Companies may issue shares to their employees without filing, which could yield inaccuracies in the total number of outstanding shares. Moreover, the exact number of outstanding shares is difficult to determine since stock options that are out of the money may not be taken into account. While some companies do consider this, others do not. It is also important to understand the concept of \"fully dilute\" shares and \"basis\" shares, which may impact calculations if the company has convertible bonds."}
{"3422": "\n\nA revised version could be:\n\nAn umbrella policy is only necessary for substantial amounts of liability protection, typically starting at $1 million. Therefore, if you do not possess assets of such high value, or do not anticipate acquiring them, it may not be necessary to obtain this coverage. Your existing homeowners, renters, car, and travel insurance policies should be sufficient. Additionally, it is important to note that an umbrella policy provides additional coverage on top of existing policies, rather than replacing them. Keep in mind that not everyone requires this level of protection due to their asset accumulation."}
{"3423": "\n\nIn most tourist destinations, shops typically accept major currencies, including the US dollar and the euro. I recall a trip to Istanbul before the euro was introduced, where young vendors selling postcards near the Blue Mosque could identify your country of origin and quote prices in your currency."}
{"3424": "\n\nThe appearance of incomplete or inaccurate financial data on free sites is mainly due to the complexity and cost involved in obtaining and parsing this information. One hurdle is that financial data is often handled by different authorities, even within the same country. For instance, in the US, stock prices and volumes come from one authority (CQS) while corporate earnings data comes from another (SEC). Meanwhile, futures and options data is only available from individual exchanges, each with its own interface, ranging from websites to FTPs and TCP datastreams. Gathering, parsing, and error-checking all this data on a frequent basis is a demanding task, especially as this involves exchanges and regulatory agencies worldwide.\n\nThere are companies such as Bloomberg that specialize in gathering and processing such data. They invest millions in maintaining the necessary infrastructure and manpower, charging their consumers accordingly. The question is, do Google/Yahoo access Bloomberg's data for free to show us information or do they pay for a less comprehensive dataset? Even if they pay for the best data available, errors can still occur or disruptions might take place in the data streams. Bloomberg has hundreds of employees focused on this task alone, whereas Yahoo may have only five.\n\nThe lesson is clear: if you are in need of the best financial data, you must go to the source or pay a provider that can offer you access and support when something goes wrong. Free data is not always reliable."}
{"3425": "\n\nI have not thoroughly examined the warranty, but in general, it can be helpful. Are you familiar with GAP insurance? In the case of a total loss, GAP insurance covers the outstanding finance balance after your regular insurance payout. Usually, the two amounts do not match due to the vehicle's depreciation right after purchase. For example, suppose you finance $20,000 to buy a car and then write it off after six months. In that case, your insurance payout may only be valued at $16,000, but it is unlikely you will have cleared $4,000 from your finance. GAP insurance will cover the difference and settle the debt.  Do you know if Chrysler will change the engine if it fails? Yes, unless they identify misuse or deliberate damage. For instance, if the engine fails after just 1000 miles and it's a mechanical fault, the warranty would cover it. However, if they find evidence of reckless driving during diagnostics or engine investigation, they may refuse to cover the damages, and you will have to prove it was an underlying fault. Are car dents covered by the bumper to bumper warranty? It is unlikely as the warranty only covers the manufacturer's faults, not your negligent actions. I think there is confusion between the terms insurance and warranty. While insurance covers damages caused by you, a warranty covers manufacturer faults even with extended coverage. What does \"basic\" mean under warranty terms? It depends on Chrysler's definition. There is no universal legal definition of \"basic.\" You need to check the warranty documents or ask for a detailed explanation from the dealer. If they are unwilling to provide clarity, it probably covers very little."}
{"3426": "\n\nTo calculate the annual return, add the dividend to the stock price. For the first year, the calculation would be revised as follows:"}
{"3427": "\n\nRevised: \nReasons Against Buying a House: In your opening statement, you mention an interesting point that low-interest rates correspond to high prices. However, these two factors are inversely correlated. Imagine if interest rates were 5% higher, few people would be able to afford current prices, leading to a drop in prices. To draw comparisons, we need to consider the rate of inflation, which was much higher in certain periods of US history, such as over 10% in 1980. Therefore, we cannot solely rely on nominal interest rates. Additionally, investing your entire future income into real estate is unwise. Instead, consider purchasing REITs with a lesser investment, to diversify your portfolio. Another cost factor that renters often underestimate is maintenance costs.\n\nReasons to Buy a House: If you desire the security of having a permanent home, then buying a house becomes a lifestyle choice. You can remodel and renovate the property as per your requirements. Another reason is that housing prices may increase, presenting an opportunity for profit. However, it's generally not advisable to rely on speculation as a strategy for making money. Finally, while interest rates may increase, it is likely that the Fed will try to keep them below 10% to avoid defaulting on government debts. However, there is no certainty in this area."}
{"3428": "\n\nFunds should not confine themselves to a limited number of stocks as it would result in a restricted amount of total investment. In my opinion, considering only 25 companies is impractical from their standpoint."}
{"3429": "\n\nLawsuits are often viewed as catastrophic, but in reality, suing to fulfill contractual obligations is the right thing to do. Instead of threatening, it should be considered an accurate course of action. Of course, it would be more convenient if she didn't have to sue. If you suspect her goal is to remove this obligation from her credit, suggest that she refinances with you to give you both the opportunity to renegotiate terms and remove her from the obligation. However, if your credit remains in poor standing, this option may not be viable. Rest assured, none of these options should negatively impact your credit, and there are several benign options available to you."}
{"3430": "\n\nRevised: If you experience a loss in your investment portfolio, you may be able to use the cap loss to balance out any future gains or claim up to $3000/yr as ordinary income. Unfortunately, my own cap loss has been exhausted due to the dot com bubble. Hopefully, you'll be able to offset any losses quickly with new gains. However, do keep in mind that any IRS debt is completely distinct from cap loss and cannot be offset by it. It may be worthwhile to inquire with the IRS if they have any other payment plans available, as the standard plan goes up to 5 years which may end up being a hefty $40k/yr. It is possible to negotiate with the IRS, so don't hesitate to ask. In the past, I've heard of cases where individuals exercised stock grants, but retained ownership of shares. Although they had a gain of $1M at year-end, the stock plummeted before the year's end, leaving them with nothing to offset the loss. Despite having no background in finance, the IRS was able to make exceptions for them."}
{"3431": "Congratulations on your windfall! You have been given a second chance to start anew and become debt-free again. To maintain this freedom, I offer the following advice:\n\nFirstly, commit to remaining debt-free. You have already done so by asking for help. Avoid borrowing or spending money you don't have on credit, and never take out loans.\n\nNext, learn to budget. Knowing the exact amount of money coming in and going out each month is essential. At the start of each month, write down your income and expenses, including fixed, variable, and ongoing costs. Use budgeting software like YNAB to make the process easier. You may need to adjust your expenses or increase your income to stay within your budget, but be sure not to spend money outside of it.\n\nIf you struggle to cover your expenses, review your budget, and see where you can cut back on unnecessary expenses like food or entertainment. If you still can't make ends meet, consider increasing your income with a part-time job. You can find a job that complements your study schedule, helping you avoid taking on more debt.\n\nFinally, build up a small emergency fund. Emergencies are inevitable, so having some money set aside for this purpose will help prevent you from borrowing money when they arise. As a college student, a small fund of $500-$1000 should suffice.\n\nBy following these steps, you can remain debt-free and enjoy financial freedom."}
{"3432": "\n\nWhen considering purchasing a Put option, it is important to examine the associated cost, particularly if the strike price coincides with the current price, as well as to take into account the average price delta of the security during the period between the purchase of the Put and the expiration date. Prices for Puts on stocks with a high level of price volatility should also be closely scrutinized. It is worth noting that there may be instances where the use of a Put option may lead to unfavourable outcomes. For example, if the stock remains at the same price, the premium paid for the Put will be lost. Similarly, if the stock price increases by an amount less than the premium, the difference will also be lost. If the stock price falls by an amount less than the premium, the difference will be lost as well. \n\nTo be \"in the money\" when using a protective Put, the stock must either increase in price by an amount greater than the premium paid (at which point selling or holding and deducting the cost of the Put are the viable options), or the stock price must drop below the strike price to a level below the premium paid, at which point exercising the option to sell is necessary in order to prevent losses (assuming that one had planned to sell instead of hold and hope for recovery). It is also worth noting that in both cases, selling is mandatory. If the stock has been held for less than a year, profits will be taxed at the short-term rate (the same rate as regular income). In the event that the stock price has fallen, it may not be possible to claim a loss unless the strike price was lower than the purchase price of the stock. Additionally, it may not be possible to claim a deduction for the cost of the Put."}
{"3433": "\n\nI suggest the following explanation: Although the current situation is dissatisfactory, it appears to be the standard handling practice. The recipient of the dividend you paid will be determined by the counter-party or parties who were assigned the exercise. After reviewing the Dec16 SPY options, it appears that your options were exercised before the expiry date on Dec 23. The 3AM timestamp may have been a result of your broker's computer system's overnight batch processing. The party who exercised the options likely did so the day before the ex-dividend date to receive the dividends."}
{"3434": "\n\na) Consult with the financial aid counselors at your school, as they may have viable solutions for you. Inform them if your dependency status has changed, if applicable. Personally, I declared myself as financially independent from my parents and qualified for additional aid.\n\nb) Determine how much austerity you are willing to tolerate. For instance, I subsisted on a diet of beans and rice twice daily for two years (generous in protein and other nutrients) while working full-time and simultaneously pursuing a second degree part-time. I also avoided frivolous expenses, like recreational activities (not even a movie), in order to redirect finances towards achieving academic goals. Additionally, during a separate season of my life, I eliminated cable, cell phone, and landline services (relying solely on Skype), and limited my driving to reduce debt. You'll be surprised at how much you can conserve from a budget if you embrace temporary austerity.\n\nc) Consider enrolling in school part-time, with the option of taking as few as one course per term, where applicable. It is simpler to pay for one or two courses than for several. Although it may take longer to achieve your academic objectives, you will not lose your credits, and it will not take an eternity to graduate."}
{"3435": "\n\nOur budgeting and expense tracking rely on YNAB, which allows us to keep track of our electronic payments down to the penny. It's crucial to have accurate records that match our bank's transactions. However, for cash spending, we only count paper money, not coins. For example, if we buy a 75-cent Coke from a vending machine using a dollar bill and receive a quarter as change, we record it as a $1.00 expense. On the other hand, we don't track expenses when using three quarters to purchase the same drink because we consider spending coins as \"free money.\" This approach works well for us because we don't use cash frequently, and we find it easier to match the cash in our wallet with our YNAB balance. We don't count coins we have in the car or the dish on our dresser either. Despite this method, our bank balances remain precise down to the penny."}
{"3436": "\n\nSheegan provides a comprehensive explanation of the role that the TBA market plays in shaping mortgage rates. Specifically, the 30-year mortgage rates are closely linked with the fluctuations of the 10-year Treasury rate. Interested individuals can monitor this rate via various online stock quotation websites using the symbol TNX."}
{"3437": "\n\nI apologize on behalf of the real estate industry for the unsatisfactory service provided by your current realtor. You deserve a qualified and knowledgeable professional who can guide you appropriately. Furthermore, it's important to note that the 1031 exchange is solely intended for rental properties. Additionally, staying in the house for the required two years of occupancy just to save $2000 is not worth it. It's in your best interest to seek out a competent realtor who can help you make informed decisions regarding your property transactions."}
{"3438": "\n\nRevised: Adopt a long-term perspective, focusing on building up your savings. Once you have enough cash, your credit score becomes less important. If you have saved enough to cover six months of living expenses, and can put down a 20% payment on a smaller home, you should have no trouble finding a reasonably priced mortgage. However, with a bit more patience, it may be possible to purchase the same home outright with cash. When I ran the numbers for myself years ago, I discovered that saving up the money and paying cash for my home would have taken me only half as long as paying off a mortgage."}
{"3439": "\n\nThere are various factors that contribute to inflation. The first is known as cost-push, which occurs when the price of commodities, such as oil, increases significantly, leading to an increase in the cost of goods and services. The second is called demand-pull, where labor unions negotiate for higher wages, resulting in higher costs and prices.\n\nAnother type of inflation is caused by banks, which is called monetary inflation. Rather than printing money themselves, banks can create $5 or $10 in loans for every dollar of deposits they receive. This leads to an excess of money in circulation, ultimately resulting in a situation where \"too much money chase too few goods.\""}
{"3440": "\n\nMy Finances is a practical personal finance app designed for both iPhone and iPad users. This app offers an iCloud sync option, allowing you to synchronize data between different devices or keep data locally, ensuring that it is not synced with any server. It is worth mentioning that I am the developer, and therefore, my opinion may be biased."}
{"3441": "\n\nThis survey indicates that new programmers place a higher value on \"free lunch\", while established programmers do not prioritize it. The survey can be found here: https://stackoverflow.blog/2017/06/12/new-kids-block-understanding-developers-entering-workforce-today/?cb=1"}
{"3442": "\n\nIs the pay cycle biweekly? If so, the interest rate for each two-week period is 30%, which equates to an annual percentage rate (APR) of 91,633% when compounded for 26 periods. Even loan sharks charge lower interest rates- the standard vig for good customers is typically 2% per week or 180% per year."}
{"3443": "\n\nInvesting in low-cost, broad index funds with reinvested dividends (also known as accumulation funds) is a smart strategy. Choose a reputable low-cost broker, which you can find through a quick Google search on \"index fund investing.\" Consider investing in the popular S&P 500 index to get started. Once you've invested, resist the urge to constantly check in on your investments. Just let them grow over time."}
{"3444": "\n\nIt is highly unlikely to end up with nothing unless you invest 100% in a company stock that goes under. To provide the best advice, we need to review the options your employer offers for 401k investments. It is recommended to review all options and consult with a financial advisor before making any investment decisions. Your employer may offer several investment options, including target-date funds, index funds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs).\n\nA target-date fund is a type of mutual fund designed to simplify the investment process by adjusting the asset allocation mix as the target date approaches, usually retirement. An index fund or index tracker is a type of mutual fund or ETF that tracks the movements of a specific financial market index. ETFs are investment funds traded on stock exchanges that hold assets like stocks, commodities, or bonds, and offer low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.\n\nAlthough there is always risk involved in investing, the chances of losing everything in index funds, ETFs, or target date funds are slim. Index funds and ETFs offer the lowest fees and make up a comprehensive investment strategy based on your age. Target date funds may have high fees, and stocks are generally too risky for those without extensive knowledge.\n\nIf you receive company stock as matching funds, it may be wise to consider reallocating that stock at certain points to index funds or ETFs. Later in life, you may want to add bonds to your portfolio if it is the only available option."}
{"3445": "\n\nIf you belong to a class action, the law firm will usually notify you by mail and give you the option to opt-in or opt-out of any settlement that arises. Typically, if you take no action, you will be assumed to agree with the complaint and join the class action. If you don't receive a notification but should have, contact the law firm. You can find the firm by searching \"class action\" and the company name or by checking the legal section of the classifieds in your local newspaper. Law firms want to maximize the number of participants in their class actions, as this makes the defendant look more guilty and can result in larger settlements (a percentage of which goes to the law firm). Settlements may be distributed as a credit to your account, a check in the mail, a coupon, or a promise of changes to your account's terms. However, don't expect to make much money from these settlements; typically, only the law firm receives substantial compensation. Some informative resources can be found on ClassAction.com, but remember that the site primarily serves as an advertisement for a law firm and is not an unbiased source of information."}
{"3446": "\n\nDid your job get affected when the minimum wage was raised? It seems like you were fortunate enough to keep your job and receive a higher hourly rate. Your exceptional work ethic speaks for itself and will be beneficial as you complete your degree. You'll always have peace of mind knowing you made the right choices. It's unfortunate that there may not be an immediate gratification for going above and beyond, but with time and consistency, the rewards will come. These rewards may not always be materialistic, but they will be valuable nonetheless."}
{"3447": "\n\nIf you purchased the stocks using after-tax funds, you are only taxed on the profit. Conversely, if you bought the shares with pre-tax retirement account funds like an IRA or 401(k), the taxes are postponed until withdrawal, and then the entire amount is taxed as standard income."}
{"3448": "\n\nFinancial advisors come in different types, and some are affiliated with brokerages and insurance companies. Although their services may be free, their advice may be biased towards their own company's products and profits rather than your financial gains. It's essential to remember that anything free comes with a cost that you might not be aware of. \n\nFinding a trustworthy advisor can be challenging, and it's crucial to consider their affiliation to a particular company. Alternatively, there are advisors who are not affiliated with any organization and provide expert advice on distributing your finances based on your needs, resources, and risk tolerance. While their services may cost you or your employer, their fiduciary responsibility is solely to you, and they provide unbiased advice.\n\nAlthough the latter advisors may not suggest anything \"sexy,\" they provide long-term savings strategies with acceptable risks and returns. It's crucial to note that, in long-term savings, excitement is not always the best approach. You could consult them on other financial decisions such as gift annuity plans with charities or choosing between Roth and traditional 401(k)s. It's important to schedule a follow-up meeting to sanity-check your finances occasionally."}
{"3449": "\n\nThe links provided suggest that the common pronunciation of CECL is \"Cecil.\" For instance, the proposed model calls for a shift from the incurred loss model to the current expected credit loss model, also known as CECL (pronounced \"Cecil\"). Additionally, one source notes that \"Cecil\" stands for Current Estimated Credit Losses, which is ironic given that FASB's forthcoming guidance will require financial institutions to model CECL in order to predict future loan portfolio performance. Finally, some refer to CECL as \"Cecil\" for short."}
{"3450": "\n\nCorrelation is a term used to describe the relationship between two things. I came across this article, which appears to be a dependable starting point: http://www.forexrazor.com/en-us/school/tabid/426/ID/437424/currency-pair-correlations. Similar political economies tend to have a positive correlation, while opposite ones do not. In addition, there are geographic correlations, such as climate and language."}
{"3451": "\n\nImagine that the current interest rate is 5%. This means that for a bond with a face value of $100, the investor can expect to receive a coupon payment of $5 per year, resulting in a 5% yield. \n\nIf the interest rate increases to 10%, a new bond with a face value of $100 will provide a coupon payment of $10 per year, resulting in a 10% yield. If an investor buys an existing bond from the market after the interest rate adjustment, in order to achieve a 10% yield, they would need to purchase the bond at a discounted price of $50 so that the $5 coupon payment will result in a 10% yield.\n\nConversely, if the interest rate decreases, the bond's market value increases in order to bring the yield in line with the new interest rate. \n\nIt's important to note that the interest rate of the bond remains the same after issuance, and any arbitrage in interest rates is reflected in the market price of the bond. This brings the yields of older bonds in line with newly issued bonds. Remember, yield is calculated by dividing the coupon payment by the investment amount."}
{"3452": "\n\nIt is important to note that aggression, or volatility, does not necessarily result in higher returns. Funds with a higher beta (a measure of volatility) may have lower performance than stock funds with a lower beta. Additionally, Michael's point about higher fees potentially undoing better performance is valid. Age is not a significant factor in determining acceptable volatility, as it is more important to consider when the money will be needed. If there is an immediate need or less than a year, a savings account should be used. If the need is five years away or more, seeking to maximize the rate of return may be appropriate. For example, a person close to retirement age with $250K in CDs and savings and $250K in conservative investments should be \"aggressive\" with any remaining money. In contrast, someone saving for a house within three years should be conservative, with 75% in savings accounts and 25% in conservative investments. They can adjust the allocation as the time to buy approaches. It is important to have an emergency fund before investing, and if a friend does not understand these basic concepts, paying for their advice is pointless."}
{"3453": "\n\nI am currently in the process of buying a house and plan to make a 5% down payment. While some recommend the traditional 20% down payment, it is no longer mandatory for first-time homebuyers. Unfortunately, the lack of such requirements has contributed to high housing prices. In my opinion, it is more important to ensure that you are comfortable with your monthly payments and understand how interest rates affect them. Currently, interest rates are low, and it may not make sense to put 20% down on a home. Investing in a different vehicle could be a better option, especially considering the global economy is likely to pick up, and interest rates should remain low. However, it's important to budget for extra funds to cover closing costs, which can be costly and often overlooked. So, make sure to do your research and stay informed."}
{"3454": "\n\nOne possible method for analyzing a butterfly involves dividing it into two vertical trades. The first is a debit vertical, which involves buying a 490 put and selling a 460 put. The second is a credit vertical, which involves selling a 460 put and buying a 430 put. If an individual anticipates that Apple's stock will drop to 460, there are several options available. However, the three most common strategies are as follows: 1) Purchase a put option. This approach can be costly, and if the stock only drops to 460, it may be overpriced. 2) Purchase a put vertical. This approach is less expensive than the first because the cost of the put is offset. 3) Purchase a butterfly. This approach is the most economical because it includes the second vertical in addition to a credit vertical, which offsets the expense. \n\nThe reason someone may choose to use the butterfly method is to save money upfront while profiting from a drop to 460. This would be the most effective strategy if the trader's assumptions are correct. It's important to remember that every strategy has trade-offs that the trader must consider carefully. If the trader is mistaken and Apple declines to, say, 400, the put (strategy #1) will be the most profitable, the butterfly (strategy #3) will lose money, while the vertical (strategy #2) will still earn some profits. Therefore, to reap the butterfly's benefits, traders must be willing to make sacrifices. Creating a diagram to compare these strategies can be a helpful tool."}
{"3455": "It appears that LLC is primarily a US concept. While other countries may have similar ideas, none specifically use the term LLC or the single-member LLC that the recruiter is referencing. Furthermore, each state varies in their approach to LLCs, and legal and tax considerations differ depending on the state one resides in. When considering contractor versus employee status, it is necessary to weigh the pros and cons of each option. Contractors must set higher rates to compensate for benefits forgone, in addition to the cost of establishing and maintaining an LLC, which can amount to at least $800 per year in California, not counting legal and accounting expenses. Employee benefits, particularly health insurance, should be taken into account when considering the relative value. Should the decision be to contract, forming a single-member LLC is advisable as it offers several benefits such as enhanced legal credibility for contractors, offers legal protection, and is a minimal paperwork option. While the IRS and Department of Labor still closely scrutinize contractor relationships, having an LLC can boost legal credentials. Additionally, forming an LLC is a good way to safeguard one's personal assets from any lawsuits or liabilities resulting from business dealings. A business license is also often necessary for contractors, and there may be separate licensing requirements in each city where one conducts business. Finally, it is worth noting that while obtaining an EIN can help shield against identity theft, for disregarded LLCs, individuals must still use their SSN on the W-9 form for tax purposes."}
{"3456": "\n\nThe Address Verification Service (AVS) uses both the zip code and billing address to confirm the address on file with the issuing bank. AVS does not access the credit card stripe. You can find more information on bank merchant help pages, such as Bank of America's. The data stored on the stripe may vary by bank, but typically includes the account number, name, expiration date, and card-specific information. The discretionary section is not likely to contain address data. If you provide a false zip code, it may result in a rejected purchase. Credit card numbers are the most valuable piece of information to companies, as they can use them to track purchases over time. Zip codes from pay-at-the-pump transactions are generally not used for marketing purposes. However, information given during in-person transactions may be collected for marketing purposes."}
{"3457": "\n\nThe text is already well-written and clear. However, I have made minor revisions to enhance readability and conciseness:\n\nIn the US, an S-corp requires you to pay yourself a salary from your company's earnings, which is taxed at an individual rate. The remaining profits are taxed as a corporation, providing significant tax benefits. If you earn over $80K per year, this can be a substantial difference. The drawback is that it involves more paperwork and entails creating a board of advisors."}
{"3458": "\n\nAlways reference the actual financial statements before opening or closing a position. For US companies, these statements are available on EDGAR. Annual reports are called 10-Ks, and quarterly reports are called 10-Qs. Although YHOO and GOOG post financials quickly, money.msn has the best resources. These should be used as starting points for quick references, but keep in mind that they may contain questionable accounting practices. Sometimes, locating specific information in the consolidated financial statements can be challenging, and searching through the filing is necessary. It can be helpful to refer to the notes, but using Ctrl-F to search the report is usually sufficient. For instance, in AAPL's case, the Interest expense can be found in Note 3."}
{"3459": "\n\nHere's a revised version:\n\nWhile I won't address the specific stocks you mention, I can offer some general information about dividends that I hope will be helpful. A dividend is simply a payment made by a company to its shareholders. Usually, companies pay dividends when they have excess cash and want to distribute it to shareholders instead of using it for new projects or stock buybacks. \n\nYou mentioned \"dividend yield traps,\" but I'm not sure what you mean by that. If a company has declared a dividend for an upcoming quarter, they will almost certainly pay it. However, there are exceptions, such as when a company like BP isn't able to pay due to unforeseen circumstances. It's also important to remember that just because a company pays a dividend now, it doesn't mean they'll keep paying it in the future or at the same rate. \n\nSome companies, like real estate investment trusts (REITs), are structured to pass along nearly all of their profits to shareholders in the form of dividends. This can result in unusually high dividend yields, but it's just a result of the company's structure. \n\nIt's important to evaluate a company's ability to keep paying a dividend. Even large companies like General Electric had to cut their dividends during the last financial crisis. To evaluate a company's dividend sustainability, consider the following factors: \n\n[The text from the original version about the specific stock mentioned is left out, as it's not relevant to the revised version.]"}
{"3460": "\n\nYou've likely been advised to diversify your portfolio, meaning you should have a variety of investments in different areas. However, it's equally important to diversify your sources of retirement security. Defined benefit pensions used to be seen as foolproof, but unfortunately, corporate bankruptcies and government restructuring have shown us otherwise. It's crucial to treat your retirement investments like a new venture, with an aggressive approach at first and gradually shifting to safer investments as you age. There are numerous strategies to consider based on your risk tolerance, such as investing conservatively until you reach a certain safety threshold, then taking on more risk. Additionally, explore different investment vehicles and techniques, such as index funds and dollar-cost averaging."}
{"3461": "\n\nI am unaware of any US bank that has access to your credit rating in France, especially since you do not have one established. It's important to note that in the US, banks are not the only option for obtaining financing for a home. In many regions, there are opportunities for \"owner-financed\" or \"owner-will-carry\" homes. With this type of financing, the previous owner will provide a private mortgage for the balance if you have a substantial (25% or more) downpayment. There are no strict lending rules or advanced credit scoring systems involved. The key is to provide a large enough downpayment so that the seller knows they will recoup their money if they have to foreclose. Furthermore, this provides the seller with a means of selling a difficult-to-sell house and generating regular income. While this mortgage may only be for 3-10 years, it provides time to establish credit and then refinance. Interest rates may be somewhat higher, but that is only until you can refinance to a more favorable rate, or sell other assets to pay off the loan quickly. \n\nFor new homes, builders and developers may offer similar financing terms. With both owner-will-carry and developer financing, a substantial deposit can override any credit rating concerns. Additionally, there is usually a streamlined foreclosure process, so they are not taking much risk and can afford to be flexible. To ensure that both parties adhere to their respective obligations, it is important to ensure that the owner mortgage is facilitated via a title company, trust company, or escrow company as a third party to oversee the transaction."}
{"3462": "\n\nThe Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company was first established as a private company in 1902. While it raised public funds around 1903, its shareholder base remained limited. It was reported as being tradeable as an OTC (over-the-counter) stock by around 1929, although shares were likely traded prior to this. On January 14th, 1946, the stock was listed on NYSE, and on September 26th, 1962, it became a constituent of the S&P 500 index. On August 9th, 1976, it became a constituent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and in 2002, the company changed its name to 3M Co.\n\nThere seems to be an error with the data on Crunchbase's \"IPO Date,\" as it is inconsistent with other sources. However, it is not uncommon for companies to trade publicly prior to their initial public offering (IPO), particularly early-stage biotech companies that trade OTC prior to a major exchange listing. For example, NASDAQ:IMRN (Immuron) and NASDAQ:GNTY (Guaranty Banchshares Inc) both had \"IPOs\" on Nasdaq after trading as OTC/pink sheet stocks for months prior.\n\nUltimately, the term \"initial\" is subjective in this context, as companies may have a range of trading histories before their official IPO."}
{"3463": "\n\nThe correct term you are referring to is \"yield,\" which is defined as the dividend per share divided by the share price. Essentially, you are expressing interest in buying shares that offer high yields, which is a popular investment approach. However, it is important to note that a high yield may be indicative of underlying issues with the company. For example, a company that is likely to go into liquidation next year may have a current yield of 10%. As such, it's important to conduct thorough research before investing in high-yield shares."}
{"3464": "\n\nTo begin your economics journey, I suggest Mises or watching instructional videos. For insightful critiques of financial markets, Keynesian government policies, and engaging reads, I recommend ZeroHedge. Personally, I have gained a wealth of knowledge on financial markets and government regulations by perusing the raw, often uncensored comments section on ZeroHedge. Though profanity may litter the comments, there are valuable pieces of information worth uncovering. If you're looking to sharpen your critical thinking skills, LewRockwell is an excellent resource."}
{"3465": "\n\nUnfortunately, it appears that none of the existing online personal finance applications can meet your requirements. Most, if not all, rely on partnerships with banks and/or screen scraping to import data, resulting in limitations on historical data. While online personal finance software is still developing, it lacks the depth of desktop applications. If retaining your accumulated data is a priority, desktop software may be your best option. \n\nIn my opinion, a hybrid approach to personal finance software would be ideal. This would involve a desktop application that is synchronized with a website, offering the stability and tools of desktop software with the accessibility of a web application. \n\nTo summarize, below are the pros and cons of both online and desktop personal finance software: \n\nOnline Personal Finance Software: \n\nPros: User-friendly interface, often free, accessible from anywhere with an internet connection. \n\nCons: Limited historical data, potential security concerns. \n\nDesktop Personal Finance Software: \n\nPros: More comprehensive features and tools, greater control over data, more secure. \n\nCons: Often requires payment, may not be accessible from all devices or locations."}
{"3466": "\n\nIn most cases, it is legal. Additionally, it is possible to interpret the last payment of 1000 as payment towards the principal, with interest being paid in the initial installments, depending on one's perspective."}
{"3467": "\n\nI recently launched wealthbot.io, an open source wealth management platform, primarily aimed at RIA's to manage multiple portfolios. To see a demo, visit demo.wealthbot.io, where you'll find links to Github and further information. The project is comprehensive and offers features such as rebalancing, portfolio accounting, custodian integration, tax loss harvesting, and more, similar to popular robo-advisors. If you're interested, please take a look."}
{"3468": "\n\nAs you are utilizing the percentage method to determine the split between your home and business use, I assume that in most cases, the distance traveled to bring your vehicle from the dealership, to and from the mechanic, and back home would be less than 1% of the total miles driven. This slight discrepancy is considered an acceptable rounding error. In my case, I typically refuel my car while en route to another destination, and therefore I do not include it as a separate task.  However, in the event that your travel distance for repair or refueling exceeds 1% of the total distance driven, you may split it as you are comfortable with in the examples provided above. The recommended approach would be to calculate the percentage of business and personal use for all miles driven excluding maintenance miles, and apply this percentage to your maintenance miles as well."}
{"3469": "\n\nNo, financial planners are not compensated equally. Some receive commission based on the products they sell, while others are paid an hourly fee or percentage of your portfolio. This is an important distinction to make, as many assume that all financial planners provide unbiased advice. However, those employed by a particular financial institution may not disclose all available products or those offered by competitors. In order to receive objective advice that evaluates products industry-wide, consider finding a fee-based planner who charges by the hour. Moneysense magazine, available in print and online at www.moneysense.ca, offers reliable financial advice for Canadians and features an insert on planners in their current issue."}
{"3470": "\n\nThe following text has been revised: According to Wikipedia, approximately one-third of US debt is owned by foreign entities, primarily central banks of other countries. The Federal Reserve holds approximately half of US debt, while the remaining portion is owned by various domestic organizations such as mutual funds and pension funds. This debt is acquired through bonds, treasury bills, and other means. When investing in a pension fund, it is likely that you are also investing in US debt. The US Treasury Department provides a useful overview of public debt in the United States on their website. Unfortunately, a comparable breakdown for other countries could not be located. However, Wikipedia has compiled a comprehensive list of public debt owed by different countries."}
{"3471": "\n\nAs a former employee of H&R Block, I can attest that they maintain records of all interactions with their clients for future reference. If they deem it necessary for clients to use their services exclusively, any deviation from this could impact future interactions with them. Therefore, it's important to consider whether reducing your payment to them this year is worth potentially losing the ability to work with them in the future. Answering this question honestly will guide you in making the right decision."}
{"3472": "\n\nThe Los Angeles Times offers a beginner's guide to investing at http://www.latimes.com/business/la-moneylib,0,3098409.htmlstory. Additionally, Clark Howard has a comprehensive investing guide available at http://www.clarkhoward.com/news/clark-howard/personal-finance-credit/clarks-investment-guide/nFZK/."}
{"3473": "\n\nAs a new small business owner, the IRS has a wealth of advice and information available for you. Start by visiting https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed. Be sure to prepare yourself with coffee or other appropriate aid to combat fatigue. If you have a single-member LLC, it is automatically \"disregarded\" for tax purposes, at least on a federal level. Although it does have other effects, you should simply include your business income and expenses on Schedule C as part of your individual return on form 1040, and the net self-employment income is included with your other income in computing your tax. TurboTax or similar software should handle this for you, but you may require a premium version that will cost a little extra. You can \"elect\" to have the LLC taxed as a corporation by filing form 8832; see https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/limited-liability-company-llc. You are supposed to do this when the entity is \"formed,\" but in practice, if you file by the end of the year, there should be no issues. You also qualify for automatic \"relief\" if you file after the end of the year, but before or with your first affected return. However, deciding how to divide the business income/profits into \"reasonable pay\" versus \"dividends\" is more complicated. Plus, filling out corporation tax returns in addition to your individual return is more work. Additionally, the cost of filing and reporting the LLC itself to your state of choice is required. Unless you make something like $50k-100k a year, this approach probably isn't worth it. \n\nRegarding 1099 Reporting, Stripe qualifies as a \"payment network.\" Under recent law, payment networks must report annually to the IRS (and copy to you) on form 1099-K if your account exceeds specific thresholds. Please visit https://support.stripe.com/questions/will-i-receive-a-1099-k-and-what-do-i-do-with-it. However, you are still legally required to report and pay tax on your self-employment income even if you aren't covered by 1099-K or any other reporting.\n\nAs a self-employed individual, you must pay \"SE\" tax that is the equivalent of \"FICA\" taxes that would be paid by your employer and you as an employee combined. This is 12.4% for Social Security, unless your total earned income exceeds a cap (for 2017 $127,200, adjusted every year for inflation), and 2.9% for Medicare with no limit (plus an \"Additional Medicare\" tax if you exceed a higher threshold, and it isn't \"repealed and replaced\"). If the LLC elects corporation status, it must pay you reasonable wages for your services and withhold+pay FICA on those wages like any other employer. \n\nFor estimated payments, you are required to pay most of your individual income tax and SE tax, if applicable, during the year (generally 90% of your tax or your tax minus $1,000, whichever is less). Most wage-earners do not notice this because it happens automatically through payroll withholding. However, as a self-employed individual, it is your responsibility to make sufficient and timely estimated payments. You will owe a penalty if you do not. However, since this is your first year, you may have a \"safe harbor.\" Suppose you also have income from an employer (reported on W-2, with withholding) and that withholding is enough to pay the previous year's tax. In that case, you are exempt from the \"underpayment\" penalty for this year.\n\nIf you elect corporation status, the corporation (which is really just you) must always make timely payments of withheld amounts, according to one of several different schedules that may apply depending on the amounts. I believe it also must make estimated payments for its liability, if any, but I'm not familiar with that part."}
{"3474": "\n\nShould the calculation for CCC be -34 multiplied by 4.58, resulting in a negative value of -$155.72, and -11 multiplied by 0.41 for DDD, yielding a negative value of -$4.51? These values must be recorded as negative since the investor will eventually need to spend money to purchase these shares to cover the short sell and return the borrowed shares. The reflection of profit or loss is not relevant as only the current share inventory is being reflected."}
{"3475": "\n\nThe statement that diamonds are intrinsically worthless is not entirely accurate. It is true that diamonds sold for under $5000 at their original retail price have no secondary market and are essentially worthless. However, diamonds that are considered actual investment stones can have real value, although this market is fragile and limited to stones worth six figures or more. The confusion arises because people are not distinguishing between the two markets.\n\nThe so-called \"engagement ring scam market\" is a different story; these diamonds are essentially worthless and cannot be sold for any significant amount of money. They are subject to marketing and monopolies that ratchet up their prices but don't correspond to any real value. Moreover, the technology for making utterly flawless diamonds from carbon is getting better every decade, putting more pressures on the diamond market.\n\nFinally, diamonds get beat up and are like used cars, which means that used engagement ring diamonds have zero value. Conversely, investment diamonds are a distinct market that is unrelated to the engagement ring scam system. And just as there is a market for investment wine, there is a market for investment diamonds, but one needs to recognize the difference between buying a $5 bottle of grape juice and buying a $100 bottle of wine."}
{"3476": "\n\nInstead of relying on either food or fuel, it's important to have a diverse set of resources including tools. Books on basic tool-making that are published for farmers looking to improvise could be incredibly useful. In fact, defending a library would be invaluable once things stabilize. Learning skills like blacksmithing and teaching others could be incredibly advantageous. Science fiction has explored this topic in great detail, too much to fully cover here."}
{"3477": "There is one specific model that credit card companies use to maximize their profits: per transaction fees. In addition, they also receive incentives from certain merchants and use psychological reasoning to promote their card usage. Businesses that want to accept credit card payments typically have to pay three types of fees: monthly/yearly subscription fees, percentage of transaction fees, and per transaction fees. Subscription fees can sometimes be waived, and the percentage of transaction fee is usually around 1-3%. The per transaction fee is a set fee incurred every time a transaction is run involving a card, usually ranging from $0.05 to $0.30 per transaction. \n\nCredit card companies prefer customers who use their products regularly and for smaller amounts. They offer rewards on gas and groceries to encourage this behavior, which also reduces their expenses on rewards paid out. However, credit card companies can avoid paying some or all of the cost of rewards when merchants themselves honor rewards in exchange for reduced or zero payment from the card companies. \n\nWhile the credit card industry's business model may be profitable, it often involves shenanigans such as black-out periods, expiring rewards, and high annual fees. Despite this, credit card companies continue to encourage the use of their cards for regular, small purchases like gas and groceries to maximize their profits."}
{"3478": "\n\nAlthough I haven't used it in years, take a look at GnuCash. One of the feature highlights listed on their website is:"}
{"3479": "\n\nI completed a three-month course in forex trading and studied financial markets at university. I have since been saving up to start investing, but still face the same question. I have identified certain advantages and disadvantages and would appreciate your opinion on them.\n\nOne advantage of the forex market is its liquidity, which makes it easier to identify what causes currency fluctuations and predict them. For small investors, it also offers the opportunity for intraday trading. However, the risk involved in forex trading is substantial, but so too is the potential return.\n\nIn contrast, stocks are more suited to long-term investments. It can be difficult to achieve high returns unless you possess insider knowledge unavailable to others. Additionally, predicting price changes is more challenging due to the ease of manipulation by external actors. However, the risk associated with stocks is less pronounced."}
{"3480": "\n\nThe advice given as a guideline may not be reflective of how your portfolio should be constructed. To diversify, you should consider correlations and exercise common sense. The financial crisis serves as a reminder that correlation is a statistical measure that fails to account for real-life interrelations. It is essential to recognize that when the population is affected, interrelated sectors fall in demand and exhibit reduced ability to pay off. Advisors from different countries recommend different securities, emphasizing the need for a global market portfolio. Including derivatives in portfolios is uncommon, as they are mainly short-term while portfolios are for more extended periods. Capital and money markets serve as key components, and derivatives are used to hedge these portfolios. With foreign stocks and bonds, you are already exposed to FX risks that can act as effective hedging instruments."}
{"3481": "\n\nRevised: Saving for retirement should continue until you have accumulated enough to retire comfortably. While it is advisable to make the most of your 401k, it is not mandatory to have all your \"retirement savings\" in it. However, it is important to take advantage of employer matching programs, if available, even if they place limits on contributions. Contributing the maximum allowable amount to your 401k plan is a prudent step towards securing a comfortable retirement, given that people nowadays tend to live longer. Social security alone may not be adequate to sustain retirees, so it is important to have a personal savings plan that enables you to accumulate sufficient funds to live comfortably in your retirement years. A good rule of thumb is to aim to save 25 times your current income, adjusted for inflation, by the time you retire at age 62. For instance, if you make $100,000 annually, your target retirement savings are approximately $2.5 million, plus allowance for inflation between now and retirement. Besides saving as much as possible, it is essential to explore other ways to increase your income, such as passive investing. Financial advisors may be helpful, but their services may not be necessary unless you have substantial assets to invest, typically over $1 million."}
{"3482": "\n\nRevised:\n\nJournal entry in company books:\n\nDebit: Expense Account 1 ($100)\nDebit: Expense Account 2 ($200)\nDebit: Expense Account 3 ($300)\nCredit: Your Name ($600)\n\nIf desired, you may choose to total the expenses on a separate paper as an invoice. The receipts should serve as the primary documents.\n\nJournal entry in your own books:\n\nDebit: Company Name\nCredit: Cash or Bank\n\nIn order for the company to settle the balance at any time, ensure that the balance of your name in the company books matches that of the company name in your books. The payment will reverse any outstanding balances or can be partially paid.\n\nCompany journal:\n\nDebit: Your Name\nCredit: Cash or Bank\n\nYour journal:\n\nDebit: Cash or Bank\nCredit: Company Name\n\nFor further information regarding personal accounts and double entry, please refer to: https://books.google.com/books?id=LhPMCgAAQBAJ&pg=PT4&dq=%22personal+account%22+double+entry&hl=es-419&sa=X&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q=%22personal%20account%22%20double%20entry&f=false."}
{"3483": "\n\nDumb Coder has provided a website that explains your rights, but returning the item may still be challenging. Although the legal aspects vary, the principle remains the same. In my personal experience, I had to rescind the sale of a vehicle in the US. Although it was within my legal rights to do so, I knew that the dealer would not be pleased with my decision. To execute my return, I drafted a letter stating my intention to return the vehicle, citing relevant laws, and leaving space at the bottom for the salesperson to acknowledge receipt of the letter and confirm that there was no visible damage to the car upon its return. I printed two copies, one for me and one for them, and met with the finance manager. As expected, they denied my request to return the car. I thanked them for their time and informed them that if I did not receive a refund within seven days, I would be happy to discuss the matter in court, as required by local laws."}
{"3484": "\n\nHere's the revised text:\n\nIt's important to consider the potential costs of an accident when buying a car. At the very least, make sure to deduct the insurance payout from the sale price or purchase gap insurance. You can use this fun auto loan calculator to help determine your monthly payments, which will be smaller with a larger down payment. Don't forget to budget for insurance and gas, which can be more expensive for financed cars. Check out this link for the calculator: http://www.bankrate.com/calculators/auto/auto-loan-calculator.aspx\n\nA friend of mine had a stroke of bad luck when he totaled his car just a few months after purchasing it. Unfortunately, he learned the hard way what it's like to be \"underwater\" on a loan, as his insurance payout was several thousand dollars less than the value of his car loan. It's a tough situation to be in - no car and still having to make loan payments."}
{"3485": "\n\nNo, this means that your total owed amount increases every month by a factor of (1+0.298/12). For instance, if you had $23,000 at the start of the month, at the end of the month, you will owe $23,571. After deducting the payment of $804, you will pay $571 as interest and $233 towards the principal. Using a higher interest rate loan to pay off a lower interest rate loan is not a wise decision as it leads to unnecessary expenses and impoverishment. If you require a psychological aid, decide on a fixed amount to be deducted from your paycheck towards the debt repayment, ensuring you never notice it. For all your debts, pay the minimum amount except for high-interest loans, which should be paid off first with the maximum amount possible. Practice financial discipline by not using credit cards until you have the resources to pay them off within a month."}
{"3486": "\n\nConsider buying real gold coins instead of paper ones and avoid storing them in a bank."}
{"3487": "\n\nEach person defines their quality of life, success, and happiness individually, and these factors are often linked to their ability to generate wealth and save. Recent research has shown that families with savings are generally happier than those with expensive possessions like cars or jewelry. However, maintaining these three factors can be challenging following any illegal actions as it causes fear in interacting with the origin of the money, undermines an individual's sense of morality and results in potential legal consequences. Additionally, many credit card companies may suspend the cardholder's account if they observe an abusive payment pattern. Finally, while a significant sum of money such as 100K may seem motivating in leaving the country, the negative psychological effects of abandoning one's family and life behind could outweigh the incentives. Thanks for your time."}
{"3488": "\n\nI think you may benefit from learning how to conduct a ratio analysis, particularly regarding liquidity ratios such as the quick or acid-test ratio. Here is a resource on what the acid-test ratio is: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/acidtest.asp Additionally, to assist with performing a ratio analysis, visit http://www.demonstratingvalue.org/resources/financial-ratio-analysis. Once you understand the concepts, this website can provide useful information: https://www.stock-analysis-on.net/NYSE/Company/Exxon-Mobil-Corp/Ratios/Liquidity."}
{"3489": "\n\nRevised: It is important to note that only qualified mortgage interest can be deducted, which includes interest and points paid on a loan secured by your main or second home. Additionally, if you rent out your residence, you must use it for more than 14 days or more than 10% of the days you rent it out to be eligible for the deduction. When it comes to taxes on income received from the property, claiming the foreign tax credit will prevent double taxation. The purpose of the foreign tax credit is to eliminate double tax obligations when foreign source income is taxed by both the United States and the foreign country. However, property taxes cannot be claimed for the foreign tax credit but may be deductible as business expenses. It is important to note that there are various exceptions and stipulations based on individual circumstances, and professional tax advice should be sought before making any deductions. For more information on the foreign tax credit, refer to Publication 856, which states that only foreign income taxes are eligible for the credit, while foreign real and personal property taxes are not. Nonetheless, foreign real property taxes that are not considered trade or business expenses may be itemized as deductions on Schedule A (Form 1040). It is essential to consult official IRS publications for the latest updates and seek tax advice before making any decisions. Sources: IRS Tax Topic 505 Interest Expense, IRS Real Estate (Taxes, Mortgage Interest, Points, Other Property Expenses), IRS Topic 514 Foreign Tax Credit, and Publication 856 Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals."}
{"3490": "\n\nThe easiest way to fire-and-forget is to select a Target Date mutual fund comprised of low-overhead index funds (located within your 401k or Roth IRA) and establish automatic purchases for it. If you're referring to limit orders and other complex tactics, that approach is not simple."}
{"3491": "\n\nConsidering your location in Cyprus, a Euro country, investing in USD may not be wise as the USA and China are currently in a currency war that is likely to benefit the Euro. This means that if you purchase USD today, its value may decrease in the following months. \n\nWhen it comes to investing money, consider it as a boat race that starts on January 1st and ends on December 31st each year. There are various boats available, each with different sizes and types. Your goal is to choose the fastest boat at any time. Investing all of your money in a small boat or a startup may lead to significant risk as they may sink before the end of the year. Similarly, investing in one medium-sized boat, such as a stock market stock, still poses a risk of sinking. On the other hand, investing all of your money in a supertanker, such as the stock of a multinational corporation, may lessen the risk of sinking but also decreases the possibility of winning. Investing in a fleet, like a fund, may be more beneficial as it limits the risk of sinking and ensures reaching the shore. \n\nInvesting your money can be time-consuming, and you may not possess sufficient money to create your own portfolio or fleet. Thus, investing in a fund may be more practical. However, not all funds are created equal. Most funds are rated and compared to their index, with a three-star Morningstar rated fund being on par with its index for specific duration while a four- or five-star rated fund performs better than its index. Fund ratings are usually fluid, with a four-star-rated fund potentially becoming a mismanaged two-star rated fund in a few months. Depending on your available funds, it is best to invest in multiple rated and managed funds, considering various factors such as currency, geography, and sector. Avoid investing in Gold unless you want to speculate on short-term profit. Finally, steer clear of USD for the time being to ensure a higher return on investment. Avoid putting all of your eggs in one basket, if possible."}
{"3492": "\n\nPayPal has the authority to take the same legal actions against you as any other creditor. They can pursue legal action for intentional nonpayment of debt, transfer your debt to a collections agency, or take any other action necessary to deal with an uncooperative customer. However, this is a legal concern and not an appropriate topic for discussion here."}
{"3493": "\n\nRevised: You may have heard the old adage, \"Never invest in anything that eats or requires maintenance.\" However, this statement is not entirely accurate. While it's true that assets like a racehorse or a house require significant effort and regular upkeep to prevent them from losing value, private ownership of a company can still be a sound investment despite the need for ongoing management. For those who prefer a more hands-off approach, common stocks, gold, and keeping money in the bank are three assets that do not require ongoing attention. It's important to remember that all investments, including buying a house, entail both advantages and risks that should be carefully weighed before making a decision."}
{"3494": "\n\nIf you were not a US citizen but a resident of some other country when you sold stock in Europe, and you moved to the US within the same tax year, you may need to refer to the \"Dual Status\" section of IRS publication 519."}
{"3495": "\n\nThe text has already been written quite clearly, but here is a possible revision:\n\nBusiness fundamentals refer to the factors that determine a company's intrinsic worth, such as its level of debt, cash flow, and the dynamics of supply and demand for its products. If a company does not maintain an adequate supply of products or fails to sustain demand for its offerings, it is unlikely to prosper. Strong business fundamentals are critical to building long-term success and stability, and are studied by investors using techniques such as value investing and fundamental analysis.\n\nWhen evaluating the fundamentals of a company's stock, investors typically look at metrics such as the price-to-earnings ratio, dividend yield, earnings per share, number of shares outstanding, and beta. For a more detailed look at a company's fundamentals, investors can examine its financial statements, including its quarterly and annual reports, which provide information about its assets, liabilities, earnings, profits, and other financial data."}
{"3496": "Your answer will require a significant amount of information and clarification, so I suggest visiting the VAT to gather further details. 1) It is your responsibility to determine the appropriate VAT rate, charge the tax accordingly, and make the appropriate payments. If you require assistance, the HMRC VAT helpline is available to assist you. Typically, VAT payments are made every three months, or annually. 2) The applicable scheme is determined by your yearly turnover, including VAT. If your yearly turnover is less than \u00a3150000, you can join the Flat Rate Scheme. Moreover, there are additional schemes available for cultural activities, which can be reviewed on GOV.UK. 3) If you pay VAT in EU countries, you can reclaim the VAT in the UK. However, it is essential to ensure that your receipts are accurate and that the information is correctly recorded in your VAT returns, as HMRC may verify this information. B2B services refer to supplies from one business to another, and with few exceptions, are treated as being made where the customer is located. B2B supplies to overseas customers are not subject to VAT. However, for B2C supplies, VAT is charged based on the customer's location: 1) No VAT is charged for customers outside the EU, and 2) for EU customers, VAT is required. As a result, it is important to keep accurate records of all VAT charges and payments to ensure compliance. If you find the regulations too complex, consider seeking assistance from an accountant to avoid making any costly errors."}
{"3497": "\n\nRevised: Put simply, a business operation becomes profitable when it generates revenue. However, there is a fine line between selling personal items occasionally on eBay and engaging in sales for profit. HM Revenue & Customs may consider various factors, including the size of your turnover, frequency of buying and selling, and whether you specialize in a particular commodity or are simply getting rid of unwanted items. While selling personal camera gear may not generally be taxable, it remains a grey area. To avoid potential investigations in the future, it's advisable to seek guidance from HMRC and report all net earnings and expenses associated with your online business in the \"other income\" section of your tax return. If in doubt, it's always better to err on the side of caution and seek advice through HMRC's helpline."}
{"3498": "\n\nDuring times of market turbulence, investors often seek safety in US government bonds. This holds true even in the event of a US credit rating downgrade, as there are few other options available for risk-averse investors. While many other AAA-rated governments may also have good credit ratings due to their limited borrowing and small economies compared to the US, their bonds may be less liquid and more difficult to obtain."}
{"3499": "\n\n1) Both sources provide definitions for capital markets, but from different perspectives. Investopedia focuses on the perspective of a trader and emphasizes the secondary market, while the Wikipedia article provides a more thorough definition and differentiates between the primary and secondary markets. \n\n2) The concept of opposites does not apply to the definition of capital markets. The Investopedia definition does not mention any other possibilities, while the Wikipedia article provides a broader definition that includes both money markets and capital markets. \n\n3) The stock market belongs to the capital market because it is a component of the secondary market, where participants trade stocks among themselves. Companies seek money from the capital markets for longer terms to improve or expand their business, while the money markets focus on short-term borrowing, lending, and buying and selling of assets with original maturities of one year or less. The primary market is where companies seek and receive money from underwriters, and the capital markets include both primary and secondary markets."}
{"3500": "\n\nThe CRA website provides information on the types of investments you can hold in a TFSA, including individual shares like ETFs traded on any \"designated stock exchange\" and other investment options. The Department of Finance provides a comprehensive list of designated stock exchanges, which includes most major stock exchanges worldwide. If your bank's TFSA only offers mutual funds, GICs, and saving deposits, you may need to open a TFSA with a different bank or a stockbroking company. Most major banks offer TFSA accounts, such as Scotia iTrade, HSBC Invest Direct, and TD. You will need to provide your bank account details to facilitate money transfers/TFSA contributions.\n\nWhen purchasing foreign shares, you need to consider the potential of high foreign exchange spreads, which can be excessive in proportion to the investment. HSBC offers the best spreads on FX, but you need to exchange a minimum of $10,000 to obtain a decent spread. It's also important to note that you can buy unhedged ETFs for US and European markets on the Toronto exchange, which means you're paying next to nothing on the spread, but you're still carrying the currency risk.\n\nIt's essential to consider that commissions for trades on foreign markets may be higher than those on a Canadian exchange. For example, HSBC charges a flat rate of $6.88 for both Toronto and New York trades, but for London, they charge up to 0.5% depending on the size of the trade. There may also be additional trading costs on some foreign exchanges. For instance, London has a 0.5% stamp duty on purchases.\n\nFinally, if you're holding US securities, you'll need to register with the US tax authorities and with the US exchanges upon which you're trading. You'll need to fill out numerous forms provided by your stockbroker, and the exchange registrations can be done electronically. However, US tax authority registration must be submitted in writing. Dividends are net of US withholding taxes, and there are no capital gains reporting requirements to the US authorities."}
{"3501": "\n\nThe Chinese currency lacks free convertibility and its exchange rate is not determined by the market. Instead, it is regulated by the Chinese government, leading to a counter-intuitive outcome. Fundamentally, the Chinese government is providing subsidies to boost exports, which is a reasonable strategy considering its crucial role in driving the Chinese economy."}
{"3502": "\n\nRevised: If the OP is already saving 33% of their current income, they may not require more income from investments at the moment. The advice on diversifying may be a standard response given by investment advisors to beginners, but it has two benefits for the advisor, namely, they cannot be sued for giving poor advice, and they can make a substantial commission by selling average-performance products. Note that these products are not necessarily good investment opportunities, as advisors earn bonuses for selling more products, not necessarily good ones. \n\nInstead, my recommendation would be to put some of the excess income (around 1/3 or 1/4) into the emerging market sector, leaving it untouched for up to 20 or 30 years. Chances are there will inevitably be another EM boom in the future, given human nature. During that time, you can sell and utilize those profits in a less risky investment sector. Additionally, it may be worth considering putting another slice of the excess income into the commodities sector, such as oil, despite the uncertainty of when the price will reach $150 or $200 a barrel. Since the OP has sufficient income and is young, it may be an ideal time to adopt a risky investment strategy. Even if you lose your entire investment over the next five years, you still have 20 years to recover from that. However, if you're beginning at 56 years of age, the risk/reward situation would undoubtedly differ."}
{"3503": "\n\nMostly agreeing with @grade'eh'bacon, I want to add a couple of comments. Generally, it is essential to gather more information before initiating any action when someone mentions \"security codes or something.\" Imagine the possibilities here. Your relative may be deceived, and in such a case, assisting them in transferring money to the scammer is not the right kind of help. Despite your confidence in your relative's honesty, the dark side may have lured them. If they are doing something illegal, getting involved is not wise. Your friends and relatives should never ask you to commit crimes for them, especially in a way that may lead to you paying a penalty if something goes wrong. If what is going on is legal and ethical, you may still make yourself accountable for taxes, fees, or any other liabilities, and you should know them upfront. As stated by @Grade'eh'bacon, if your relative is experiencing password problems or an expired account, feel free to assist them in resolving it. However, becoming someone's financial mediator may result in many potential issues."}
{"3504": "I am an Australian investor who purchased five properties between 2008 and 2010. My strategy was to buy properties with positive cash flow that didn't require significant upfront investment. Given the high Australian dollar at the time, the depressed US property market, and the expensive market in Australia, investing in the US made sense. I used an investment website to screen properties based on yield, eliminating outliers, and ultimately chose Toledo, Ohio due to its high yield performance and significant impact from the housing crisis.\n\nMy first property was a duplex in good condition with a monthly rental income of $900 US, guaranteed by section 8 and direct deposited into my bank account. Taxes were $900 a year, and the water bill was $450 a year, resulting in a total return of around $8,000 US. My second property was a short sale of a tenanted single-family home in good condition that cost $8,000 US and returned a monthly gross rental income of $600 US. Taxes and water bills were both around $600 a year, resulting in a net income of $6,000 US a year on a property that cost $8,000 AUD.\n\nMy third and fourth properties were both single-family homes in good areas that cost $14,000 US each and returned a monthly gross rental income of $700 US each. The two properties had a total cost of $28,000 US and grossed around $15,000 US a year. My fifth property was a tax foreclosure that I purchased for $4,000 US. The property was in great condition in a reasonable part of town. I signed a land contract with the previous owner to buy his house back for $30,000 US at 7% interest over 10 years, with payments of around $333 US per month. I offered him the opportunity to act as my property manager in exchange for a percentage of the rents and payment for any work he did on the properties, which he eagerly accepted.\n\nSeven years later, I have transferred the property manager's house back to him with a quit claim deed and sold the remaining properties for $100,000 US. After taxes and commission, I expect to receive around $120,000 AUD, which is quite lucrative for my initial investment of $53,000 AUD. I also received around $30,000 AUD in rent each year. I believe that buying when everyone else is selling and selling when everyone else is buying is a winning strategy, and I am on the lookout for my next positive cash flow investment, possibly in an emerging market impacted by the oil shock.\n\nI wish you all happiness and success in your investments. Take care.\n\nVR"}
{"3505": "This comment offers useful insights on joint mortgages, based on the author's personal experience in three US states. They describe how the sale of the home works when one party wants to sell, and highlight some legal loopholes that can be exploited. The author advises readers to be cautious when entering into such contracts, and to consider the character and state of mind of the other party. They also caution against relying too heavily on formal contracts, which may not cover all eventualities. Finally, the author notes that the potential risks and worst-case scenarios should be carefully evaluated before entering into a joint mortgage agreement."}
{"3506": "\n\nThe text on page 14 of Publication 17 Your Income Tax states that if direct deposit is not possible, the IRS will issue a check instead. Once your girlfriend receives the check, she can endorse it over to you, allowing you to deposit it into your own account."}
{"3507": "You've inquired about getting a loan. Unfortunately, you don't have any collateral to offer in exchange for the loan, and you also lack a stable source of income. While a position not directly related to your field of study may not seem ideal, it will provide you with some financial stability. A job that aligns with your major, even if it's not perfect, can offer valuable experience that may assist you in finding your desired position. The process from applying to a job, to going through the interview process, receiving an offer letter and finally starting employment can take many months, even if you are an ideal candidate. Therefore, it's wise to consider a job with a quicker interview cycle in the interim to obtain a more immediate start date. You may feel qualified for jobs that you perceive as beneath your level of education or expertise, but a role like this was historically meant to provide a platform for individuals transitioning from university to their desired career. While your end goal is still to attain your dream job, you may need to focus on adjusting your expectations. When you had more financial freedom, you could afford to be choosy about the company, location, and salary you preferred. However, in your present situation, it's critical to be more flexible. It is not only a matter of being able to visit potential employers for interviews but also obtaining access to basic necessities like food and health insurance. Consult career counselors on your alma mater's campus to avail their expertise in resume preparation and job search guidance. They may also have links to local businesses or large corporations requiring temporary employees."}
{"3508": "\n\nThe stock market typically responds positively to monetary easing, which involves lowered interest rates and easy access to cheap money for companies. This enables them to borrow at a reduced cost and increase profits, resulting in a rise in share prices. As noted by John Benson, Quantitative Easing tends to have a positive impact on stocks. However, the recent downturn in the stock market was partly influenced by concerns about the eventual end of QE and the potential for future interest rate hikes."}
{"3509": "\n\nThe arbitrary nature of units of measure can be exemplified by the difference between a piece of wood that is 25 centimeters long versus one that is 10 inches long. Typically, someone decides on the most convenient unit of measurement for a given quantity, whether it be heat, distance, or money. For instance, imagine that the government releases a new currency with 10 times the value of the old one; consequently, salaries and prices would undergo proportionate transformations. If purchasing a particular car used to cost 2,000 foobars, its price would now be 200 new foobars. Would this affect someone's financial well-being? Generally, if all prices experience identical changes, the shift has no significant impact, apart from causing minor difficulties in converting to a new system. A currency's strength is not necessarily reliant on it being valued higher than other currencies, just as inches are not superior to centimeters on account of the former offering more wood than the latter. Instead, we consider a currency strong when it is stable or increasing relative to other currencies. So, if yesterday it took 10 foobars to buy 1 plugh but today the rate is 9 foobars to 1 plugh, then foobars are deemed stronger, even if people still need more foobars than plughs to obtain the same quantity."}
{"3510": "\n\nIn this instance, it appears that the interest is determined by multiplying the nominal daily interest rate by the number of days in the period. To calculate the total payment, a trial and error approach can be taken with the use of a spreadsheet, due to the varying number of days in each period. However, in cases where the interest charge for each period is the same, a more usual formula can be implemented. The formula is as follows: m=P*r^n*(r-1)/(r^n-1), where P represents the original principle, r represents the growth factor per payment period (i.e. interest rate + 100% divided by 100), and n represents the number of payments. It's important to note that the growth factor pertains to each period, meaning that if monthly payments are being made, the rate should represent the interest per month. The last payment may differ due to rounding errors, unequal numbers of days per period, or other technical factors. Although the aforementioned formula cannot provide the correct answer for this particular example due to the varying periods, it should come relatively close. Here's an example: The interest rate is 0.7% with an average of 28.8 days per period, resulting in a growth factor of 20.16% + 1 = 1.2016. There are 5 payments, and the original principle is 500. After plugging in these values, the total payment would be m=500*1.2016^5*(1.2016-1)/(1.2016^5-1) = 167.78. Although the final answer is off by a degree, it is in the ballpark."}
{"3511": "\n\nI am really impressed with some of the responses shared here. It's important to remember why we invest in the first place. Personally, I prefer investing in Dividend stocks and Dividend Capturing strategy. Here's why - there are over 3,500 companies paying dividends this year, which means I can potentially receive a dividend almost every day. You may ask, what happens if the stock goes down? Well, there's a small subset of these companies that have consistently increased their dividend payout to investors for over 25 years, and an even smaller group that has been raising their payouts every year for over 50 years. These companies have demonstrated a great history of paying out higher dividends to their investors year after year, even when Kennedy was in office, and can serve as a reliable investment for long-term returns.\n\nWith the Dividend Capturing strategy, I can collect 10-20 checks per month with little effort. Also, it's important to note that the stock price is not the only factor that determines the value of a company. Factors such as earnings, the balance sheet, cash flow, and market cap, to name a few in the quarterly report, provide a clearer picture of a company's value. So, if the stock price goes down, we need to look at other factors to determine whether the company is still valuable or not. If the earnings and market keep going up even when the stock price goes down, it means the public perception of the company's value is not accurate."}
{"3512": "\n\nCongratulations on your desire to start your own business. However, it's important to have a realistic outlook. Without a substantial track record of successful investing, it will be difficult to attract potential investors. Starting any type of public investment vehicle requires meeting regulatory requirements, which can be costly. Alternatively, you can be your own hedge fund using your own money. Keep in mind that a hedge fund typically involves contrarian investing. It's unlikely that someone will just give you money to invest, so it's important to show that you're good at it and have a substantial investment of your own in the fund. Chances of success increase if you can show that your hedge fund proposes something unique. It's not easy to do, so it may be helpful to find friends willing to invest and build a successful track record. While there is no quick or simple path to your goal, here is a link to a video on how to legally start a hedge fund (from the Investopedia website). Good luck!"}
{"3513": "\n\nAs far as I know, there is no fixed date requirement. Although the fiscal year for the US Federal Government commences on October 01, as far as I remember, the last time a budget was approved before the start of the fiscal year was during the Clinton administration."}
{"3514": "\n\nRevised: When making a 401(k) contribution, it is typically Federal tax-free and may also be free from State tax, depending on where you reside, like in California. However, a court case from several years ago demonstrated that some citizens contributed to 401(k) or IRA in New York to avoid paying New York state income tax, moved to Florida (as it has no income tax), and withdrew money. New York sued, but the court ruled in their favour. While one can avoid California state income tax by contributing to a 401(k), moving to a different state like Texas would limit state income tax liability. However, one will face different challenges at the Federal level, as the 401(k) trustee will hold the money. Accessing the money entails paying deferred taxes, which will be treated as income on removal. Early removal before 59 1/2 years will incur a 10% penalty. If not yet retired, the Federal government considers withdrawal before 59 1/2 years a breach of the agreement since the deferred tax finances retirement. One can choose to leave the money in an old employer's 401(k) or roll it over to a new employer's 401(k) or IRA account but introducing investment and currency risks if they have left the US. If someone moves countries, their US residence status depends on their driver's license, mailing address, living quarters, etc. For example, someone from California moving to France remains a California resident and must still pay the income tax while moving from California to Texas then France makes one's US residence Texas. Schiff's article expressed the need to establish residency while alive to prevent multiple states from claiming one's estate taxes, as demonstrated in the Howard Hughes and Rahm Emanual cases."}
{"3515": "\n\nYour payment history is crucial in determining your credit score. Making payments on time, even if it's just the minimum, will significantly increase your credit score. Whether or not purchasing a computer at 0% interest will impact your credit score is debatable. However, if you don't have any credit lines currently, this type of purchase may make sense for you. As long as you make timely payments and fully repay the balance before the 18-month period ends, it will positively impact your credit score. Remember, paying interest will not help your credit score, so be sure to pay off your balance every month going forward."}
{"3516": "\n\nIt's frustrating that no one seems to be answering the original question. The question is specifically about whether paying off a 30-year mortgage in 15 years would have the same cost as a 15-year mortgage with the same interest rate. While some people may argue that factors like opportunity cost, flexibility, and family expenses are important to consider, they are subjective and depend on individual circumstances. \n\nIn my opinion, the answer to the original question is yes, but only if you pay off your 30-year mortgage on the exact same schedule as your theoretical 15-year mortgage. However, in reality, the answer is actually no for two reasons: the amortization schedule and the fact that 30-year mortgages typically have higher interest rates than 15-year mortgages. \n\nIn general, mortgage payments are structured so that most of the monthly payment goes toward interest in the first half of the loan's life. While this can be beneficial for tax purposes early on, it means that if you opt to pay off your 30-year mortgage early, you will likely have paid more in interest than you would have with a 15-year mortgage. \n\nWhile some people may choose to pay extra each year to chip away at their principal, this still doesn't negate the fact that 30-year mortgages typically have higher interest rates and that the amortization schedules are different. Additionally, if you have the ability to pay down a significant amount of your principal early on, you may want to consider borrowing less to begin with. \n\nOverall, it's important to consider the long-term financial benefits of a paid off or nearly paid off home. While a 30-year mortgage may offer more flexibility in the short term, a 15-year mortgage is the better option for financial security if it fits within your budget. It's also worth considering that while investing in the stock market may make sense for some people, it's not a guaranteed return, unlike a fixed mortgage payment. \n\nIn summary, while there may not be a straightforward answer to the original question, it's important to consider the specific factors at play and make an informed decision based on your individual circumstances."}
{"3517": "\n\nAre you listed on the title? If so, you may have slightly more negotiating power. However, it is never a good idea to co-sign a loan, even for a relative or friend. Co-signing entails being legally responsible for the loan's repayment if the primary account holder defaults. Even if you make the payments, you are not the vehicle's owner if your name is not on the title. It is important to understand that if you co-sign, you are legally obligated to repay the loan in full. Co-signing does not serve as a character reference, and you will have to pay the loan yourself if the borrower defaults. If you can't pay, the lender can bring a lawsuit against you and garnish your wages or bank accounts. Late payments or defaults will hurt your credit score. Co-signing does not give you any ownership or rights to the vehicle, only the obligation to repay the loan. Removing your name from co-signing can be difficult, but options include convincing the ex-boyfriend and the bank to remove you or seeking legal assistance. Bankruptcy is an option, but it is a severe measure with long-term consequences that should be weighed against the loan's remaining balance."}
{"3518": "\n\nThe discussion regarding inflation and low interest rates in both countries is irrelevant, as the value of the rupee is consistently lower than that of the Euro. There is no potential for profit when exchanging between the two currencies. Ultimately, the decision on where to utilize the funds rests on the intended usage, whether in India or Europe. If the goal is to access funds from a fixed deposit in Europe, it is best to purchase a fixed deposit in euros from a European institution. However, if the funds will be used in India, it would be prudent to convert the euros into rupees and purchase a fixed deposit in India."}
{"3519": "\n\nI appreciate your effort, but unfortunately I cannot approve this expense. If you were working in the music industry, certain expenses related to music could potentially be justified as business expenses. However, in your line of work, it does not appear to be directly related and therefore would not pass an audit."}
{"3520": "\n\nIt's possible that you are assuming the \"Short call\" portion of the article you referenced assumes you own the underlying stock. However, selling short a call has two distinct cases with varying levels of risk. When you \"write\" a call option on a stock, your position can either be covered (you already own the underlying stock and need only deliver it if assigned) or uncovered/naked (you do not own the underlying stock). Writing a covered call can be a less risky trade, while writing a naked call (if your broker permits it) can be incredibly dangerous. It's important to note that an uncovered position entails a genuine cost if you're assigned, as you'll be required to purchase the underlying at the current market price. This cost should not be disregarded as an opportunity cost. If you peruse the Option strategies section of the article you linked, you'll see the covered call mentioned, which is the type of trade you discussed in your example."}
{"3521": "\n\nAlthough this question has been around for a while, I wanted to provide the correct answer for anyone who may come across it. Yes, there can definitely be issues if you incorporate in friendlier states like Delaware and Nevada without having a physical presence there. While it's possible to form a business in these states remotely, running a business from another state requires you to \"qualify\" to do business in that state. \n\nTo provide further clarification, let's say you establish a Delaware LLC, but you answer the phone in New York and receive payments in your New York bank account, while using a New York address for suppliers and vendors. You would likely be regarded as doing business in New York and be required to pay New York taxes and qualify to do business in the state. The solution is to legitimately operate your business in the state you wish to be in."}
{"3522": "\n\nThere is not a significant direct risk from investing in government debt, other than the possibility of purchasing it at a high price with a low interest rate, leading to lower returns and potentially not keeping up with inflation, especially for long-term bonds. However, there are several indirect risks associated with this type of investment. One risk is that the increasing debt could hinder economic growth. Moreover, there is a concern about monetary policy, inflation, and interest rates that are set by the Federal Reserve. Although the government should not keep interest rates low for the sole purpose of saving money, it is theoretically possible. This could lead to inflation, which is unpredictable and disruptive, increasing the overall economic risk. Additionally, it should be noted that if an asset's nominal value increases due to inflation, taxes could still be owed upon the asset's sale, even though its actual value has remained the same."}
{"3523": "\n\nIn order to properly allocate your portfolio, it is important to have a clear understanding of what risks you are comfortable taking on. I would suggest that relying on a simplistic 80/20 split, based on assumptions that may not be accurate, is not the best approach. Instead, consider whether your risk appetite has changed and adjust your portfolio accordingly. It is worth noting that risk is not always negative, as there are cases where riskier investments can be preferred. For example, if you are hesitant to take risks at the roulette table, you could lower your risk by reducing your bet from $1 to 50 cents. This simple action can shift the payoffs from $2 or 0 to 50 cents or $1.50. In essence, if you find that your level of comfort with risk has changed, you should adjust your exposure accordingly. Otherwise, you run the risk of potentially selling off the wrong assets and missing out on potential gains."}
{"3524": "\n\nAs pointed out by richardb's comment buried in the comments/debate on the other answer, the original scheme outlined in the question (allowing up to \u00a311K per annum) has a significant flaw: there is actually a cap on the maintenance loan for those over 60 years old. On page 28 of the \"Student finance - how you're assessed and paid\" document, it clearly states that those aged 60 or over can only apply for a Maintenance Loan of up to \u00a33,566 based on their income. Furthermore, if the household income exceeds \u00a343,675, no loan is given. This significantly decreases the attractiveness of this route, although it may not be the same for someone relying solely on the \u00a36K state pension. Initially, I compared this route's \"free money\" against the UK's average pension pot of \u00a350K, which is pitiful. This raises ethical concerns, especially when the government claims to support retraining for older people. Those who feel exploiting government incentives is outrageous should consider the troubling ethics of age discrimination. However, I note that one of the other options for aged applicants is a \"special support grant,\" but abusing this grant would be unethical, bordering on similar unethical practices such as faking disability to receive benefits."}
{"3525": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows: \n\nWhen you exchange money for stock, the value of the stock is initially determined by the amount paid for it. Even though the value of the stock will fluctuate over time, for accounting purposes, the original purchase price is used as a reference point. This means that, in effect, you are simply swapping one asset for another. To illustrate this point, consider the analogy of exchanging a $100 bill for five $20 bills. Although the physical representation of the currency has changed, the overall value remains the same and both assets are still considered equivalent."}
{"3526": "\n\nIf you have both consumer and IRS debt, you may consider filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. However, for tax debts to be eligible for discharge, they must be at least 3 years old from the due date. This means any taxes from 2010 and after cannot be eliminated, and some earlier ones may not be either. It is recommended that you consult with a bankruptcy attorney who specializes in resolving tax debts to discuss your options. \n\nIt's important to note that in attempting to settle old debts, people often accrue new ones, which could render an Offer in Compromise (OIC) a waste of time. Additionally, with a debt of $6,000, there isn't much room for negotiation, so filling out the 656-OIC accurately is paramount. \n\nIf you have old taxes, you might be better off applying for Currently Not Collectible (CNC) status and allowing the debt to expire on its own. Unfortunately, resolving tax debts can be complex and requires hiring a good tax debt attorney, which can be quite costly. However, it's essential to obtain the best possible result for your situation."}
{"3527": "\n\nI will answer my own question. After calling my broker, they explained to me."}
{"3528": "\n\nIn the past, I utilized Square for a personal yard sale, but unfortunately, they did not transfer the balance to my bank account as it went against their policies. According to them, I needed to possess a business license for them to either refund the credit cards I processed or hold onto the money. As a result, they held onto the funds and I never received them back. In light of my experience, I do not recommend using Square."}
{"3529": "\n\nThe relationship between slippage and volatility is such that an increase in volatility causes a corresponding increase in the spread. Although there is no exact way to calculate slippage, it may be useful to consider the size of bars in relation to their previous ones, assuming consistent periods. This is because sudden spikes in price are often the result of stop order triggers or news events, and these can substantially raise volatility within a matter of seconds."}
{"3530": "\n\nEven large banks such as Barclays and HSBC are trading below their book values in the current market. Are there specific assets that are causing Citibank and Bank of America to have lower valuations relative to their book values compared to other banks? There are no particular assets. Due to the current economic situation, most banks are not generating good returns, with expected returns of 10-12% and actual returns of 4-6%. Slowdowns in various segments and regulations in most countries mean that banks need to reconsider their business models to generate more revenue in the short term. The market believes that banks may lose money faster, leading to a negative outlook and trading below book value. Note that book value is derived in ideal conditions, and if a company sells distressed assets, the funds raised could be significantly less than book value. Furthermore, banks typically do not close out, so book value is just an indicator. Is the negative sentiment towards Citibank and Bank of America residual loathing from being the biggest losers of 2008 still around today? That may have been the case in the past, but more recently, most of these banks were performing quite well until last year and had recovered substantially after 2008."}
{"3531": "\n\nThere is a distinction between market value and assessments. Even with a friendly agreement to buy or sell, future disputes could harm the relationship without a conclusive sale. It is advisable to consider a shared purchase agreement for a house as a cost-saving strategy. If it is already too late, it is recommended to sell the property promptly."}
{"3532": "\n\nWarren Buffet's investment strategy is not fueled by a special formula. Instead, he focuses on identifying value and disregards hype, greed and fear. Buffet invests in companies that he knows well and that generate cash or are available at a discount from their true value. He provides a clear rationale for purchasing a company, and consistently looks for its intrinsic value. Despite the irrationality of human nature when it comes to investing, Buffet avoids making impulsive decisions and adheres to a sound strategy. His maxim \"Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful\" is one of the ways he approaches investing. Additionally, Buffet's first rule of investing is to not lose money, a seemingly obvious point that is still overlooked by many. Instead of succumbing to fear and greed, Buffet advises buying more when the market is down. For those without the inclination to do extensive research, it is still possible to invest with Buffet by purchasing shares of BRK.A or BRK.B."}
{"3533": "\n\nMarine traffic can be a profitable area to speculate in, with a strong correlation to oil trades and ocean shipping container rates. While no particular companies are targeted for speculation, those heavily involved in ocean shipping may present ideal opportunities. The Baltic Dry Index is available for analytical purposes and can serve as a useful gauge for hedging or speculating in container freight swap agreements. Additionally, the Guggenheim Shipping Exchange Traded Fund is a reliable proxy for maritime shipping profitability, but it should be noted that it is essentially a bundle of public marine shipping company shares."}
{"3534": "\n\nThe Gordon equation relies on nominal returns and growth rates, rather than inflation-adjusted numbers. However, its core principles are well-known: total return is the sum of income return and capital gains. Gordon's assumption that capital gains are driven by earnings growth, and that dividends will increase accordingly, is a valid one. He approximates the earnings growth rate and capital gains rate using the dividend growth rate. Inflation-removed estimates of equity rates of return cannot be used since they do not change with inflation and may even move in the opposite direction. For instance, in the 1970s, high market rates during inflation caused people to discount equity values at a larger rate, leading to lower values and losses."}
{"3535": "\n\nWhy don't companies conduct secondary public stock offerings regularly? The main purpose of a secondary public offering is to secure additional funds for business expansion. However, if the company already has enough capital or has no plans for expansion, this extra funding can be a burden for existing shareholders, including promoters. For instance, suppose a company earns 125 profit from a 100 investment. If it then conducts a secondary public offering for an additional 100, it should generate around 250; otherwise, its value decreases. If the company fails to utilize the extra funds effectively, it will experience a net profit of only 25 from the investment of 200, which is unfavorable. Additional reasons why companies might conduct a secondary public offering are to fend off hostile acquisitions or dilute promoters' shares. Therefore, companies only resort to a secondary public offering when it is necessary, as conducting it regularly devalues the primary and minority shareholders' shares."}
{"3536": "\n\nNo, it's not advisable to invest in a 401K at a young age. Your money will be locked up for at least 40 years, and you'll have to navigate many tricky and trap-laden rules just to get money for simple things. For example, you won't be able to leverage the 401K to purchase a house or pay for college tuition. Although you may receive some match, investing in your career at a young age could yield stronger results than just saving money for retirement. If you withdraw your funds early, you'll pay more of a penalty than just the tax rate. I recommend waiting until you're at least 30 years old to begin investing in your 401K. \n\nPersonally, I saved money in a 401K for a few months before I understood the rules. I decided against a 401K and instead saved my money in a bank. After a few years, I had enough money to start my own business, which wasn't possible through the 401K. \n\nFurthermore, if you're in a city like New York, it's important to invest in yourself in the short term. Although living in Manhattan may be more expensive, people who spend more on rent often have more time for themselves and can be more productive at work. For example, you may have more time to work longer hours or engage in side projects. In the end, people who invested in themselves financially and personally were more successful than those who saved their money in a 401K. Just be aware of the tricky rules and traps that may come with the plan.\n\nAs an additional note, my dad was denied a student loan due to a Vanguard quirk that didn't allow loans over 50K, even though his account had over 500K to begin with."}
{"3537": "\n\nConsider a Vanguard ETF when investing. After a lengthy discussion with a successful broker who operates a firm in Chicago, it was determined that the entirety of finance can be boiled down to Vanguard ETFs and beginning to save with a Roth IRA. Research conducted over 20 years in the field of psychology identified a .01 correlation, or 1/100 of 1%, between stock/mutual fund performance and accurate prediction, effectively rendering prediction impossible. This research can be further explored in the book Thinking Fast and Slow. Despite this, investors have long disregarded this fact. In truth, success in investing can be achieved even if one picked mutual funds at random. However, it is recommended to seek the advice of a broker when making investment decisions."}
{"3538": "\n\nYour first step in considering attending a university should be to visit the financial aid office before filling out the FAFSA. There may be opportunities available to you for grants, scholarships, and subsidized loans, as well as unsubsidized loans. It is advisable to pursue the first two options before seeking additional financing. Only after understanding the amount remaining to be financed should you evaluate which of your investments to liquidate. Opinions on debt vary, and personal preferences should be considered carefully. While some may choose to work full-time and attend night classes to avoid debt, this may not be feasible for all programs. Given your current savings and finances, it appears that you have a calculated approach to handling debt. However, additional information about your current and expected salaries would allow for specific recommendations. For now, it is recommended to avoid liquidating any retirement accounts and investing in yourself wherever possible."}
{"3539": "\n\nFundamental Analysis assists in determining what to buy, but does not provide an entry signal for when to buy. On the other hand, Technical Analysis aids in determining when to buy and provides entry signals. Numerous Technical Indicators are available to be utilized as an entry signal, ranging from simple ones like the price crossing above a moving average line to complex ones that require multiple indicators to be aligned. Selecting the entry signals that match your investment or trading style and integrating them into your trading plan is essential. If you want to acquire more knowledge about entry signals, studying Technical Analysis is recommended."}
{"3540": "\n\nA comprehensive response would necessitate a considerable amount of data. Rather than disclosing such information online, it would be best to refer to the guidelines for Form 2210, particularly \"Schedule AI \u2013 Annualized Income Installment Method.\" This schedule adjusts the penalty for volatile income. By utilizing this form, it is probable that you can evade the penalty, although it is difficult to ascertain with certainty."}
{"3541": "\n\nThere may be a temporary decrease in your credit rating if you cancel one of your newer cards, but there are options available. Personally, I recommend that individuals with good credit should have multiple cards, including a cash back option for everyday use. However, this card may not be accepted in all locations, which is why it's important to have additional cards with broad market coverage. This ensures that you always have an alternative if a vendor doesn't accept your primary card. Additionally, having multiple cards serves as a safety net in case there are issues with one card, such as being rejected due to suspected fraud. For instance, my wife and I once had a gas station decline our primary card because she had recently used the same account to purchase gas elsewhere, leading to a fraud alert message on our phone when we got home."}
{"3542": "\n\nThere are two major issues at play here, and they stem from the same source: The final statement encapsulates it all - you reside in California. It's an unfavorable state for conducting business as just the taxes on this revenue are overwhelming. Additionally, the exorbitant cost of living in CA is likely affecting your lifestyle and financial decisions. \nThis leads me to question - If you can manage to cover $12,000 monthly expenditures, assuming you are the only income-provider, it seems reasonable that you should be able to self-finance your game project. However, I do suggest you review your expenses and way of life."}
{"3543": "\n\nThe interest you earn per year, rather than the amount in your accounts, is what is taxable. If the total of all your taxable incomes is below a certain limit, you won't have to pay income tax. You can find the current limit on the wiki page linked here. If your total interest income for the year will not exceed the overall taxable limit, you should inform your bank not to deduct TDS using Form 15G/15H, which is typically available at the bank. You can use the official website linked here to calculate your income tax amount."}
{"3544": "\n\nAlthough you may not be able to deposit the check straight away, alternate ways exist to acquire the funds. In the United States, every state and territory has an unclaimed property registry. Before contacting the check's issuer, it would be wise to research this registry in your state. You will need to show evidence that you are the rightful recipient, which possessing the original check will greatly facilitate."}
{"3545": "\n\nThe current text can be revised as follows:\n\nMark-to-market valuation requires using a competitive market with non-insider independent traders to determine a share's price. Any professional valuation would easily detect any promotional aspect of the share offering. It is evident that a purchaser cannot sell their share for $10 unless the included \"free hosting,\" which is more of a hybrid of stock and bond, is also factored in. Additionally, selling a few shares for $10 does not mean one can sell millions of shares for the same price, as economics shows a decreasing marginal value effect. Although this may seem hypothetical, selling unregistered securities in a startup to the general public for $10 would violate state or federal securities laws, regardless of the business's honesty or any promotional offers. For more information about SEC regulations for capital raising for small businesses, please visit http://www.sec.gov/info/smallbus/qasbsec.htm."}
{"3546": "\n\nThe original article quoted research from lobbying groups and missed the point about why the majority of orders are canceled in exchange markets. Registered market makers are paid to ensure there is liquidity and have orders within the market to accommodate buyers and sellers. These market makers are not interested in their orders being filled, as they will lose money, so they have to cancel their orders as prices fluctuate. As a result, there are more cancellations than actual trades, but this doesn't affect the market. Usually, individuals do not need market makers to trade, as there is an abundance of organic liquidity. In the rare event where liquidity dwindles, market makers are available, but they cannot cancel their orders if they want to ensure the market remains stable. It's important to remember most trades don't make it to stock exchanges anymore and are sent to brokers' internal dark pools. Cancelations can be useful in contributing to the market's effectiveness and perceived effectiveness, as it provides honest votes and allows for more informed decisions. However, non-honest votes can disrupt the market."}
{"3547": "\n\n\nYou appear to have a good understanding of the situation. Holding MLP shares in your IRA shouldn't result in any tax issues, unless you have a significant position. Your IRA will receive a Schedule K from the MPL, which may be sent to you. However, you don't need to take any action unless you exceed the UBI limit, which is currently set at $1,000. Keep in mind that UBI must be reassessed annually, so it's not a one-time occurrence. If your IRA does surpass the UBI threshold, your IRA - not you - will need to file a return. In this case, notify your custodian about the Schedule K you received. For additional information, see my response to a related question about the tax implications of commodity ETFs in IRAs, as the information about UBI applies in both scenarios."}
{"3548": "\n\nApart from aesthetics, laminate flooring is actually attached to the floor, making it a part of the building. Therefore, its depreciation is similar to that of the roof, as it is considered a permanent attachment by the IRS due to the foam's fixed installation. Generally, only tucked-in carpets or carpet pads are considered separate units of property, although proof may be required for all other kinds of flooring. Tucked-in carpets can be moved as they are, but the foam cannot, thus differentiating between a separate unit of property and part of the building. It's worth noting that regulations in this area have changed significantly since 2014, and it's essential to consult with a professional to get up-to-date information."}
{"3549": "\n\nRevised: Generally, taking on additional debt is not advisable as it can lead to an increase in your debt-to-income ratios and negatively affect your credit scores. However, if you have a lengthy credit history, including owning a home or multiple homes for a significant amount of time (i.e., 10-20 years) and having paid off multiple auto loans on time, your credit score may not be impacted significantly. The extent to which your credit score is affected could be as little as 5-10 points or as much as 30-40 points and will depend on the depth of your credit profile."}
{"3550": "\n\nIf you are interested in speculating on the price of gold, it is recommended that you invest in an ETF/ETC (Exchange Traded Commodity). These financial instruments are advantageous for several reasons. Firstly, they are easy to purchase and sell with just a few clicks of a mouse. Additionally, the commissions charged by banks for buying and selling ETF/ETCs tend to be nominal, which is a significant cost reduction compared to buying and selling physical gold. Real gold can incur commissions to the local seller of between six and twelve percent, as illustrated by the online shop mentioned. However, if you still feel insecure about the fragility of the economy and prefer to store some physical gold at home, it may bring you peace of mind to possess physical 999 Gold Sovereigns. Just ensure that you utilize suitable methods to conceal your treasure, such as creating a reliable treasure map. Also, consider complementing your stash with a rifle, as one comment suggested."}
{"3551": "\n\nIf you sell your shares at a higher value than when you received them, resulting in a profit, you will have to pay capital gains tax. However, this only applies to profits that exceed your annual allowance, which is \u00a311,100 in tax year 2015-16. It doesn't matter how you obtained the shares initially. Keep in mind that there are exceptions to this rule, such as some employer share schemes."}
{"3552": "\n\nMost financial transactions that begin with a phone call are likely to be scams. The callers are motivated by their own financial gain, as they work on a commission basis and do not have your best interests in mind."}
{"3553": "\n\nRecently, I have been pondering the same thoughts as discussed in James Cloonan's Investing at Level 3. Cloonan's thesis suggests that passive investors could potentially miss out on substantial gains if they are not fully invested in equities. He does warn, however, that investors must be mindful of their withdrawal horizons and apply specific tactics for shifting their portfolio when necessary - particularly if they require the funds in the next five years, as withdrawing during a market low could be detrimental. What struck a chord with me was Cloonan's suggestion to plot a straight line of reasonable return expectations, as this places your focus on your expected return rather than worrying about market highs and lows. It is important to keep a long-term perspective, as experiencing 2-3 bear markets is common. During these difficult times, it is essential to remain steady and not react impulsively, as the market will come back. Cloonan provides further guidance for passive investors to follow this mentality and briefly touches on active strategy. Ultimately, Investing at Level 3 could be the catalyst for investors to rethink traditional methods and consider a different approach to investing - potentially shifting away from the conventional 70/30 split."}
{"3554": "\n\nOne approach is to assess the implied volatility against the realized volatility over a time horizon comparable to the remaining time until expiration. Nevertheless, there exist numerous explanations why the implied volatility might exceed the historical measure. For instance, it could be due to an overall market volatility upswing or the impending release of results by the underlying company before the option's expiry."}
{"3555": "\n\nIf you are the sole owner of a business or share it with your spouse, and don't plan on adding any employees in the near future, consider an individual 401(k) as it offers several benefits. Not only are the contribution limits higher than those of an IRA, but you also won't have to pay any fees. You can easily set up an individual 401(k) through reputable investment firms, such as Fidelity or Schwab. This option allows you to decide how much money you want to save without worrying about management fees. Check out the IRS website for more information on one-participant 401(k) plans.\n\nOnce you decide to start hiring employees and want to offer a company-wide retirement plan, you will need to switch to an employer-sponsored 401(k). This option may come with some fees, typically around $2,000 per year, but it may vary based on the provider. Alternatively, you can choose to not offer a company-wide plan and set up your own personal IRA. Though the contribution limits are lower than an individual 401(k), it's easy to set up and won't cost any fees.\n\nIn short, if you want to avoid plan management fees, the best option for self-employed individuals is an individual 401(k), or an IRA for those with employees."}
{"3556": "\n\nWhen a customer sends me a check for an invoice I previously sent, I access their customer report and click on the \"Invoice\" link for that particular invoice. Then, I select the \"Pay Invoice\" button on the right side of the report to complete the payment process. Unlike your method, I use Business -> Customer -> Process Payment to manage my invoices. This function allows me to choose the relevant customer and view a list of unpaid invoices. I haven't encountered the issue you described. On a related note, have you tried posting your invoices? In my experience, it can cause problems if you don't. When you post an invoice, it should appear in your designated Accounts Receivable account. Once you process the payment, A/R should decrease accordingly. When posting the invoice, you must specify the account it will be posted to. This account should display a balance once the invoice is posted. When a customer pays you, your cash goes up, and A/R goes down."}
{"3557": "\n\nTerm life insurance is a type of policy that pays out a death benefit if the policyholder passes away, similar to how car insurance pays out if a policyholder gets into an accident. Comparing term life insurance policies is straightforward, with the option to obtain quotes online. Whole life insurance, on the other hand, includes a savings or investment component. Insurance providers favor this type of policy because it is more complex than term life insurance, making it difficult to compare policies. Additionally, the variety of whole life insurance policies available, combined with the fact that insurance companies do not publish their rates, makes it challenging to shop around for the best deal."}
{"3558": "\n\nI concur with the previous comments regarding the distinction between access and ownership. It should also be noted that access can vary in degrees. For instance, a financial advisor may have access to your retirement account through a power of attorney but only has the capability to make additions or changes, not withdrawals. Additionally, when a creditor intends to garnish your wages or bank accounts, they must first locate them; this can often be accomplished by running a credit report using your SSN. However, my assumption is that an account with limited access would not appear on such a report. It is possible that a court could require bank information through a subpoena, but as I am not a legal expert, it is best to consult with a professional."}
{"3559": "\n\nIt appears that you have carefully considered the risks involved and your idea seems reasonable. I wish you success in your endeavors. However, it may be beneficial for you to explore the option of obtaining a short-term home equity loan from some local banks. I know of someone who was able to secure a loan with a very low fixed rate for 7 years. They were able to obtain this at a time when the prevailing rate for a 15-year loan was 3.25%, but they received a rate of 2.6% fixed. They also did not have to pay any closing costs. The best part was that the monthly payment was not significantly higher. While the increase from roughly $1200 to $1800 represented a 50% increase, it was not substantial in relation to their household income. I should note that I did not suggest a Home Equity Line of Credit, which can have variable rates and loan amounts."}
{"3560": "\n\nRevised: Under normal circumstances, you should receive a separate check for the purchase amount, which should not be included in your W-2 statement as wages. Even if the amount appears on your paycheck, it must be listed separately as a non-taxable item, not as part of wages paid, so that the IRS is not aware that the money was paid to you. You do not need to include this amount in your income tax return, but if you want to be cautious, attach the stub from the reimbursement to a copy of your bank statement showing that you deposited the money into your account and store it in your tax file for the year in case of an IRS audit. The reimbursement amount is a deductible business expense for your employer, and he is required to keep documentation that the reimbursement plan complies with the IRS regulations. Therefore, your employer needs the store receipt, not a hand-written note from you, to show the IRS if requested. If you paid with a credit card, debit card, or check, any rewards or cash back are yours to keep tax-free, but any interest charges, overdraft or bounced check fees are your responsibility to pay."}
{"3561": "\n\nThe S-Corp may deduct expenses up to the actual amount incurred. If the expenditure on the carport construction incurred $1000, then this amount would be deductible. The business must present evidence of $1000 in receipts or inventory adjustments. It is important to note that one cannot claim a deduction beyond the actual expenses, even if the normal charge would be higher. For instance, if the non-profit was invoiced $2000 for the carport, and the business donated the same amount back to the non-profit after receiving the payment, then the tax deduction would be $3000 ($1000 cost plus $2000 donation). However, this would result in $2000 in income, and ultimately generate a $1000 loss, which is the same as the expenses incurred. It is advisable to have an explanation for providing the service free of charge, as it might raise questions. If personal benefit was derived from the donation, it could result in an income tax liability, similar to purchasing a TV for personal use using business funds. In terms of accounting, it would be better to follow the process as previously described, invoicing the non-profit and then donating the payment back to them. This approach may eliminate any suspicion about motives, even though it is not mandatory."}
{"3562": "\n\nTo simplify the process for your business, you should register as a sole trader. This will also automatically register you for self assessment, eliminating the need to complete this separately. Given the straightforward nature of your business, this is all you will need to do. By completing your self assessment, you will fulfil all your income tax and national insurance requirements. However, as we mentioned in response to your previous question, you may not be required to pay any national insurance if your annual income is only around \u00a3600."}
{"3563": "\n\nWhen evaluating investment options, it's important to assess both capital requirements and risk timeframes. Opting for options trading can significantly reduce capital requirements compared to holding the underlying securities with stops. Additionally, the expiration date of a contract allows for customization of risk management within a chosen timeframe. In contrast, holding or shorting underlying securities lacks a defined time horizon and carries additional, sometimes unforeseen risks."}
{"3564": "\n\nRevised:\n\nCustom fields in QuickBooks are limited to non-calculated values. If you wish to add calculated fields, you can use an add-on tool. CCRQInvoice is a recommended option, as it has been tried and tested successfully. You can refer to this link for more information on adding calculated fields to order forms, including an example of an order form with calculated fields: http://ccrqblog.ccrsoftware.info/adding-calculated-fields-to-order-forms/. For product details, please visit: http://www.ccrsoftware.com/CCRQInvoice/InvoiceQ.htm."}
{"3565": "\n\nFinancial products are contracts that are created by the financial industry. This term is derived from the fact that these contracts are produced for the customer's use. If we look at the example of car manufacturers, they also sell contracts that give the buyer ownership of a car, rather than just a car. However, if we define a product as something that is created through human effort, financial contracts can also be considered as products, as they are produced by people working in the finance industry. For a more in-depth explanation and definition of what a product is in business, please view this article on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Product_%28business%29"}
{"3566": "\n\nIn the situation you have described, I highly recommend considering a purchase. However, prior to making any purchase, you should undertake the following steps: reflect on your goals, collaborate with reliable people, establish a budget, and ensure you can cope with any unforeseen expenses. After purchasing a property, if it suits your needs, you can undertake the following actions:"}
{"3567": "\n\nPersonally, I prefer to opt for zero percent financing plans whenever possible. I have chosen this option for both my car and iPhone 6s purchases. Such financing plans are designed to make expensive products more financially accessible. However, it is important to note that selecting this option may potentially affect your credit report and ability to borrow in the future, such as obtaining a home loan. To avoid missing any payments, I always ensure that my monthly payments are automatically deducted from my bank account."}
{"3568": "\n\nAdSense does not provide daily payments, rather they pay at the end of every month after calculating the final value. I suggest declaring your AdSense revenue when it is deposited into your bank account. A sum of \u00a360 may not seem like much, but with some time and effort, you can steadily increase your earnings to receive monthly payments. To keep track of your finances, consider opening a separate bank account to manage your online revenue. Record all deposits and expenses in a spreadsheet, and keep it up to date. If you become involved with US Amazon affiliates, things become more complicated. I recommend having the check delivered and logging the converted amount into your bank account. Personally, I utilize a Payoneer account and transfer funds to my bank account once it reaches $500. This helps me manage USD expenses and makes logging expenses straightforward. I hope this information is helpful."}
{"3569": "\n\nSetting up a partially foreign-owned entity is not overly complicated, but it does add an additional 1-1.5 months to the process. In your case, the entity would be formed as a Joint Venture, which will cost approximately $3,000-$5,000 more. If you are serious about investing in a business in China, it's important to carefully consider what \"more complicated\" means. In my experience, I have set up my own WOFE in China and examined the possibilities of a JV and even considered having a friend set up the company under their personal name as a domestic company (which is what your supervisor is doing). The differences between the three options are not significant and ultimately depend on the competency of the agencies you use and your business partners. For me, the cost of setting up my WOFE, including agency and government registration fees, was $11,000 (Chinese speaking only). It's also essential to consider the other shareholders involved in the venture, especially if you are not contributing to the business financially. In this case, you may be replaced and left without any equity. Therefore, it's crucial to not rely on promises and ensure that everything is stated clearly on the company registration paperwork. Best of luck!"}
{"3570": "\n\nYou are facing a challenging situation due to the stricter regulation in the US compared to the rest of the world, making it harder to comply. Additionally, Interactive Brokers no longer offers FX services to US clients, and EU-based brokers such as Saxo Bank do not accept US clients except for a few exceptions. If you are a resident of the US, Iran, or North Korea, you cannot open an account with Saxo Bank but can consider options like Oanda and Gain Capital, which is an ECN broker working through white label partners. You may also explore Forex.com as another possibility. As a member of Brokerchooser, these options may be limited, but they can still be viable choices in your situation."}
{"3571": "\n\nThere are several considerations to keep in mind when it comes to managing your real estate investments. First, remember that if you sell your primary home, you can receive a $500k exemption on gains (if married and filing jointly). However, if you decide not to sell your current house and you no longer meet the ownership/use tests, you may owe taxes on any gains when you eventually sell. Another important factor to consider is your monthly debt payments. Your debt payments should not exceed 36% of your monthly income. If you can secure a renter for your current property, you may be able to reach this ratio for your next (third) property, but keep in mind that only 75% of your expected monthly rental income counts toward calculating this number. \n\nIt is also essential to be aware of the risks involved in investing in real estate. The most significant risk is losing your income, whether due to a job loss, injury, or lack of a renter. It's crucial to have the ability to pay all debts for at least six months, which can be achieved by having access to personal lines of credit or selling assets. Additionally, you must ensure that your insurance policies fully cover you in case of property damage or lawsuits, including discrimination suits. For peace of mind, hiring a property management company can take care of these tasks on your behalf."}
{"3572": "\n\nRevised: The SEC requires accredited investors to have at least $1 million in assets, excluding their primary residence, or a minimum annual income of $200,000 for the past three years. These regulations aim to safeguard investors, and not the issuing company. I remember that a person I know had to provide documentation to prove their accreditation status in order to trade options within their IRA. It's possible that the options were classified in a way that required such verification."}
{"3573": "\n\nYour physician may have free samples at their disposal. By calling and explaining your situation, you can inquire whether they have any available."}
{"3574": "\n\nAlthough I acknowledge that a random page on the internet is often an unreliable source, I still rely on Google or Yahoo Finance to search for US/EU equities, despite the fact that these sites lack the authority and guarantee for the accuracy of their data. Similarly, it may be useful to explore websites that specialize in warrants for your specific market. For instance, I recently searched for Toronto Stock Exchange warrants on Google, and I found all the information I needed on the first link I clicked. While the listing exchange is the ultimate authority for this information, I have found more comprehensive and accessible information on unofficial websites than on the official TSX website where I spent five minutes searching for the same information with limited results."}
{"3575": "E) Invest a portion of the money in seeking advice from a qualified financial planner, rather than a biased broker or someone offering free guidance. The planner will conduct a thorough analysis of your short and long-term plans, risk tolerance, and level of involvement in managing your portfolio before devising an initial plan. This plan will be tested against stock market simulations to evaluate its risk, growth potential, and volatility. The planner will work to optimize the plan to ensure that normal volatility falls within your comfort zone while seeking the best return with minimal risk. While the plan may not be perfect, it provides a good starting point until you gain more knowledge about investing. It offers more personalized advice than that of a general guide, as people have different goals, financial statuses, and time horizons. \n\nRegarding purchasing a house, one should never consider it an investment that brings financial gains. This mindset contributed significantly to the Great Recession. A property can serve as an investment or accommodation, but never categorize it as both. Purchase a house when you need one, find one in a favorable neighborhood, don't anticipate moving for at least five years, make a 20% down payment and cover ongoing expenses. Homeownership doesn't indicate financial maturity or bring more benefits, except perhaps tax reductions, which are not always present. I bought a house when I was 50 to be close to friends, have better sound insulation, cultivate a garden, and engage in personal projects. Owning a house also provides opportunities for new hobbies. Renting enabled me to invest more money, so I regret not fully utilizing my 401(k) match earlier, as I lost out on free money."}
{"3576": "\n\nTo add on to the other answers, some may wonder why funds have different price points and question why stocks cannot be normalized to make direct comparisons between different stocks with varying prices. While this may not be practical for comparing stocks like AAPL vs. GOOG, it could make more sense when tracking an index. In fact, some \"natural\" price points, such as dividing by 100, are used by certain S&P funds. Nonetheless, there are a couple of reasons why two different funds might price their shares differently even when tracking the same underlying index.\n\nOne reason is demand; if many investors want to purchase shares, more may be issued at a lower price. Moreover, pricing shares at a higher price may decrease demand as it makes it harder to buy round lots. This is important for standardized options as they always act on lots. Additionally, higher prices may make it harder to buy in for a specific amount since each unit share has a greater chance of being further away from the target amount. Conversely, shares priced too low will also find fewer buyers because some investors have minimum price requirements due to low-priced, speculative and volatile penny stocks. Thus, different funds may pick various price points to cater to demand that is not being filled by other funds selling at different price points."}
{"3577": "\n\nThere are no easy solutions when it comes to evaluating housing prices, as each local market has its own unique conditions. However, in my opinion, assessing the impact on cash flow is the most effective method. To determine affordability, I suggest that a \"cheap\" home should cost no more than 20% of your income, \"affordable\" homes should be between 20-30%, and \"not affordable\" homes should be over 30%.\n\nWhen comparing the costs of renting versus buying, there are additional factors to consider. Renting is typically a straightforward transaction with lower risks and liability. However, it does not provide the opportunity to recoup any value from the cash spent on housing. On the other hand, purchasing a home can be more complex with the added benefit of building equity and making money through appreciation. However, it also requires careful attention to expenses and circumstances that could impact the value of the investment. For example, high property taxes in certain areas could pose a significant threat to future sales prices. Similarly, poorly-run HOAs or condo associations could lead to unexpected and expensive fees.\n\nUltimately, it is important to consider your personal tastes and financial situation before making a decision on housing. Living beyond your means could result in purchasing a home that is too expensive to maintain, leading to further financial strain down the road."}
{"3578": "\n\nRevised:\n\nThere are specific scenarios where you may choose to use ADS. However, it is mandatory to use ADS for the following types of property: listed property that is utilized 50% or less for a qualified business use (refer to Chapter 5 for further details on listed property), tangible property predominantly used outside the United States during the year, tax-exempt use property, tax-exempt bond-financed property, and any property used mostly in a farming business that is put into service during a tax year where you have elected to not apply the uniform capitalization rules for certain farming costs. You must also use ADS for any property that has been imported from a foreign country that is subject to an Executive Order due to the country's trade restrictions or discriminatory acts (refer to Publication 946 for further information). \n\nIf none of the above circumstances apply to your property, you have the option to elect ADS. However, you should only choose it if it benefits you to depreciate your property over a longer period. Generally, the shorter the depreciation period, the more you can deduct or accumulate in passive losses each year, which is usually preferable. However, if you plan on selling your property in ten years or more, you should consider the depreciation recapture and determine if the passive losses are worth the additional tax implications in that particular case."}
{"3579": "\n\nI need to revise my original answer as it contained a significant mistake. It is not always possible for an exchange to create its own product to track any underlying index. In cases where the underlying index, such as the S&P indices, Russell indices, Dow Jones indices, etc., are copyrighted, the exchange must enter into a licensing agreement with the copyright holder to use the index's formula and name. Without such a license, the exchange would only be able to approximate the underlying index, making such a product difficult to market. However, the CME does offer several futures and other derivatives whose value is based on some multiple of the S&P500's value on the date when the product expires. When actively traded, such a product can serve as a reasonable indicator of the market's expectation of the S&P500's future value. For those interested in tracking the S&P500, it is worth looking into the front month of the CME's S&P 500 Mini future, which trades from 17:00-16:00 Chicago time, Sunday night through Friday afternoon. However, it is important to remember that the prices quoted are subject to change. Another example is the Russell 2000 index, which until 2017 was licensed exclusively by the ICE Exchange. This product traded from 20:00-17:30 New York time, Sunday night through Friday afternoon. However, in mid-2017, the CME purchased the license, making it the new exchange to track the product. In conclusion, there is usually a product out there tracking the index you need, but it may require further research to find and may not be useful for your specific needs."}
{"3580": "\n\nRevised: While Subchapter S Corporations operate much like other corporations, the key difference lies in how they are taxed. Therefore, they are subject to the same naming regulations as any other corporation, which can vary by state. While the use of \"Corporation\" and \"Incorporated\" (along with their abbreviations) is generally allowed in all states, some jurisdictions permit other names. Various corporation naming rules for each state are listed in the Wikipedia article \"Types of business entity.\" The S-Corp I am employed with has \"Inc.\" as part of its name."}
{"3581": "\n\nAs you mentioned, the 1042-S form shows no income or withholding, so it is not necessary for you to file a US tax return unless you have earnings from other sources in the US. Gains from stocks are only reported when they are realized through sale. I would like to point out that your current activity does not meet the criteria for being considered a trade or business activity. While the definition is available in various sections of the Code, I am attaching Publication 519, which is most relevant to your situation as described. You can find more information on this topic through the following link: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/ch04.html#en_US_2016_publink1000222308."}
{"3582": "\n\nThis is an example of a problematic practice. My brother, who lived alone, went missing from work for several days, prompting a co-worker to check on him. Upon discovering that he was not home, the local Sheriff's Office was contacted for assistance. The local fire department, which runs EMS ambulance services, was also dispatched in case of a medical emergency. They found my brother's lifeless body inside his home, indicating that he had passed away days earlier. As we dealt with probate matters to settle his estate after his death, we learned that the local fire department charged my brother's estate $800 for their ambulance's response. I attempted to convey to the commander that my brother had not called for their services and that they had not transported him or even checked his vital signs. However, the commander claimed that their medical response billing policy was standard, and the bill for \"services\" could not be withdrawn. Regrettably, the family paid the bill to avoid any hold-ups in probate proceedings and to receive funds that would cover his final expenses."}
{"3583": "\n\nAs an employee of Facebook, I could potentially sell shares at a high enough profit to pay off my mortgage and cover my living expenses for several years. Furthermore, I am confident in a 95% chance of the stock price increasing in the coming years. However, despite the potential for a life-changing payout, there is still a 5% risk to consider. It's important to note that the US tax system, as explained by JoeTaxpayer, increases this risk. Given the current circumstances, it would be wise to exercise caution and engage in risk management by selling stocks with the highest likelihood of increasing in value. This strategy is known as risk control. Many people in my position may wait to purchase stocks until the Lock Up expiration day, hoping to obtain a lower price. However, this approach carries its own risks, and the price may not necessarily decrease."}
{"3584": "\n\nIt cannot be emphasized enough: Do not base your financial planning on your credit score. Don't even consider it. Instead, create a budget and adhere to it, taking into account both short and long-term savings. Ensure that you pay your bills on time and use credit responsibly. By doing all of these things, your credit rating will naturally take care of itself. Do not attempt to boost it artificially by planning your finances around it. When it comes to 0% financing, my personal guideline is to only use it if I have the money to purchase the item outright, and even then, only if repayment on the loan will not jeopardize my budget. Other people have different rules, including avoiding these loans altogether, so you should create a rule that aligns with your own financial goals. The one thing you should avoid is optimizing your credit score because it should not be the basis for your financial decisions. What matters most is making sure you do not allow the teaser rate to influence you into making purchases that you would not otherwise make. Remember that you are not receiving free money; you are just extending the repayment duration, which is limited. Always read the credit agreement's fine print, as it may be saturated with hidden fees and traps. In some cases, if you do not clear the balance before the introductory period ends, your interest charges could be backdated to the date of the purchase. Therefore, you must be well-versed in your terms and conditions. Since you appear to be starting your financial journey, may the force be with you, and keep in mind that patience may be your most valuable asset in your personal finance toolbox. Lastly, avoid planning your finances around your credit score."}
{"3585": "\n\nIf I am not mistaken, any business activity must be reported on the year-end tax filing. Whether your friend owns a commercial or non-profit website, he will need to report it in the year-end tax return."}
{"3586": "\n\nRevised: If you were given shares as part of a bonus, you were required to pay income tax on the dollar value of those shares at the time of receipt. This tax is based solely on the bonus amount and is not related to the shares themselves. If you have sold the shares at a later point, you must report any capital gains or losses based on their dollar value when you received them. If you gained, you are expected to pay capital gains tax on the profits. If you held them for over a year, you will receive a discount on the tax owed. Should you incur a loss, the capital loss can offset any other capital gains in that income year, reduce any other income up to $3000 annually or be carried forward to future income years up to $3000 per year, to offset any potential gains or income."}
{"3587": "\n\nTo expand your trading options, it's recommended that you negotiate with your broker to allow for more exotic order types. One such order is a \"hidden\" or iceberg order. You'll need to input two values: the first is the total number of shares you want to trade, while the second value will be displayed in the order book. The remaining shares will be hidden. The maker/taker rule applies where the amount displayed will provide a rebate for liquidity, while the hidden amount will incur a fee for providing liquidity. For instance, if you want to sell 10,000 shares, you can enter a hidden order with 1,000 shares displayed. Traders will see 1,000 shares on their screens and receive a rebate for that portion while you pay the brokerage fee for the remaining 9,000 shares. It's crucial to trade high liquidity stocks, such as those with large market capitalization, high volume, and high volatility like Tesla, Amazon, and Netflix. This way, you can catch significant price movements of $10 or more. I hope this helps you in your trading endeavors. Happy trading!"}
{"3588": "\n\nIf the cheque is not marked with a crossing, your friend can endorse it by writing \"payable to [your name]\" above his signature. However, if it is crossed, you will need to deposit it into his account. Fortunately, this process can be done through ATMs without his physical presence, as long as he endorses the cheque before you leave. Keep in mind that it may take a few additional days for the funds to clear."}
{"3589": "\n\nThis information pertains to the US, and similar rules may apply in other countries. Open-ended mutual funds are not traded on stock exchanges, so the market doesn't determine the share price as it does for company shares. Instead, the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share is calculated at the end of the business day. The NAV is the net worth of all the shares held by the fund plus cash on hand, divided by the number of mutual fund shares outstanding. The NAV may increase or decrease, depending on distribution. If you reinvest your distribution, your total investment value will remain the same, but your shares' basis will increase, resulting in owing less tax when sold. However, the income received from the distribution is taxable, and you'll still have to pay tax on it. If you take the distribution in cash, you'll still have the same number of shares valued at a lower price, and the remaining cash amount. One should generally avoid buying mutual fund shares during the period when distributions are declared to avoid \"buying a dividend.\""}
{"3590": "\n\nRevised: \n\nAfter considering the comments of @Atkins, it appears that the question's duration refers to time to maturity. However, it's worth noting that the question doesn't mention the coupon rate, i.e., the regular payments the bondholder receives each year. To calculate the coupon rate, let's consider the cash flow described. Initially, you pay $1015 at the start of Year #1 to buy the bond. From Year #1 to Year #5, you receive an unknown coupon payment, X. At the end of Year #5, you receive the face value of the bond, $1000. The payout equals the money received, using a time value of money of 4.69%. If we use the date of maturity of the bond as the valuation date, we have the following equation:\n\nMaturity + Future Value of Coupons = Future Value of Bond Purchase Price\n$1000 + X * ((1 + 0.0469)^5-1)/0.0469 = $1015 * 1.0469^5\n\nSolving for X, we obtain $50.33, which represents the coupon rate of 5.033%. Thus, you will receive $50.33 at the end of each of the five years. \n\nNow, we can apply the new yield rate to calculate the price paid for the bond, Y. Using the same formula above, the unknown in the equation is Y. \n\n$1000 + $50.33 * ((1 + 0.0487)^5 - 1) / 0.0487 = Y * 1.0487^5\n\nSolving this equation for Y, we obtain $1007.08."}
{"3591": "\n\nIn 2014, the IRS released Notice 2014-21, providing guidance on the tax treatment of virtual currency. According to the notice, virtual currency is treated as property for federal tax purposes, and general tax principles for property transactions apply to virtual currency transactions. Any capital gains from the sale of virtual currency are subject to taxation, which is calculated as the proceeds from the sale minus the basis (the initial cost of the property). Until the sale of virtual currency, it does not require any reporting.\n\nFor those who acquire virtual currency through mining, Q-8 of the notice applies. This section states that the fair market value of the virtual currency on the date of receipt as a result of mining is included in gross income. Therefore, the market value of the virtual currency generated by mining is considered as the initial basis.\n\nWhen trading in multiple cryptocurrencies, each transaction may count as a sale of one asset and the purchase of another. Therefore, you may need to report each exchange as a sale with the asset's initial basis and the fair market value at the time of the transaction. If the exchange rules do not apply, you will need to calculate a $0 basis for the initial asset and report the fair market value as the basis for the new asset.\n\nIt is essential to document each holding's eligibility for long-term capital gains treatment (owned for more than a year) and to seek professional help when dealing with a considerable amount of money. You may also contact the IRS directly or Keith A. Aqui of the Office of Associate Chief Counsel (Income Tax and Accounting) for more information."}
{"3592": "\n\nThe given text is already accurate and concise. Therefore, it does not require any revision."}
{"3593": "\n\nBusiness owners face a higher likelihood of being audited compared to individuals filing 1040-EZ for their straightforward income tax filings. As per HR Block, you may need to explain the origin of your income during the auditing process."}
{"3594": "\n\nIt is likely that the relocation company desires a guaranteed sale to secure a new mortgage in the new location. It is important to note that the relocation company typically works for a potential employer and aims to make the transition easy for the homeowner, who is likely being hired for a professional position such as a manager, engineer, or accountant. By guaranteeing the sale, the relocation company can easily arrange for new financing and may bridge the gap by securing the initial financing and downpayment. This does not necessarily mean there is an issue with the house being purchased, as the relocation company's primary concern is ensuring a smooth transition for the homeowner. However, a failed sale could compromise the employment change, making a no contingencies sale more appealing. While some buyers may agree to no contingencies sales to get better prices or repairs, it is reasonable to not proceed with the provision if it makes one uncomfortable. If one decides to move forward, it is important to have a real estate lawyer draft the agreement and demand disclosure of any previous failed sales and their reasons. Ultimately, the buyer should ensure they are getting a fair deal, and the relocation company should bear the cost of any special provisions requested. It is always an option to refuse to move forward with such a provision if it causes worry."}
{"3595": "\n\nRevised: To determine whether to repair or buy a car, start by calculating the cost of repairs which can be done by paying a mechanic to evaluate it, as if someone wanted to buy it. Next, consider whether you'd pay that amount for a similar functioning car with no issues. If yes, then fixing your car is the logical choice, despite the high cost. However, if your answer is no, purchasing a used car could be more cost-effective, provided that a mechanic inspects the vehicle beforehand. This can spare you from losing significant value, known as the \"property-line tax,\" which occurs when a new car is driven out of the dealership. Nearly-new cars have a similar lifespan to brand new ones, but at lower prices. In personal experience, buying a brand-new car can be viable if you get a discounted price, but researching the cost of repairing it entirely is also worth considering. If you plan to drive your car for as long as possible before replacing it, purchasing a one- or two-year-old car would be best, rather than a new one."}
{"3596": "\n\nRevised: Trading is not a zero-sum game; in reality, it is a negative-sum game where commissions and fees sweep away people's money. Without a plan that includes minimizing commission losses, you may win some money, but eventually, you will obtain big positions and suffer financial losses due to market crashes. Many traders only come to realize the significance of commissions during a market crash, which is why it is better to make small mistakes and learn lessons when the price is low (e.g., -10% of your portfolio) rather than pay a high price (e.g., -30..50%). Here's a tip: Some smaller exchanges do not charge a commission for operations; rather, they only take the market spread as payment (usually only $0.01). However, keep in mind that these exchanges have fewer users, and automated market makers mostly trade there (rendering it impossible to buy 10% of Apple stock)."}
{"3597": "\n\nAs Jeremy T pointed out earlier, silver is a valuable asset for hedging against sovereign currency revaluation. Because most global currencies are free-floating fiat currencies, it's essential to have silver, gold, platinum, or another easily storable, protective, and transportable asset to protect against government currency devaluations. The value of the metal remains consistent regardless of fluctuations in the currency in which it's measured (such as the Euro, in your case).\n\nThe ECB has been cautious about extensively printing currency, therefore the need to safeguard against plummeting currency exchange rates is less urgent, and the proportion of precious metals in your diversification strategy should take that into account. However, if you live in countries like Argentina, it's crucial to hold a more substantial portion of your assets in precious metals. \n\nThe EU contains multiple issues, and the lack of fluid currency and capital, coupled with many governments' overspending, dilutes the value preservation aspect of holding precious metals. When you anticipate government sovereign currency devaluations, in instances such as hot capital flows out of your country or printing, you should diversify extensively into precious metals.\n\nThe Eurozone is not an emerging market, and presently, the trend is that capital is flowing back into developed economies; therefore, it would be prudent to reduce your percentage of precious metals in your portfolio. In spite of that, as an American, I possess silver and gold in my retirement portfolio, but it doesn't make up a substantial proportion of my investment.\n\nIf the US government fails to manage the next budget crisis and forces the Federal Reserve to print money, I'll trade out of my soft assets and move my investment into precious metals. To diversify, you can consider investing in ETFs, indexes, dividend-paying stocks, or bonds. Still, you need to scrutinize all the fine print, particularly with precious metal ETFs, to avoid getting duped.\n\nOnce you determine your diversification percentages, adjust them based on macro-economic trends to avoid pitfalls. For more information on this topic, you can go through websites like Mauldin Economics or Pragcap, which provide insights from different economic perspectives."}
{"3598": "\n\nConsider a scenario where a fund imposes a significant exit load, which gradually decreases over several years. If you intend to sell a portion or all of your investments in such a fund, you would incur a hefty fee, except if you hold onto it for a longer duration. As a result, you might be reluctant to sell, preferring to wait longer to save costs. Such a fund is anything but a liquid investment. Hence, the most desirable level for a liquid fund is one with no exit load."}
{"3599": "\n\nTo proceed, obtaining an ITIN is necessary. Refer to the IRS page and comply with the instructions given. However, pursuing an on-campus employment authorization and securing an SSN may be more convenient for you since the ITIN process can be complicated."}
{"3600": "\n\nThe GuruFocus Link provides information on the high and low price of the quarter. The Price Range (Average) shows estimated trade prices based on the time-weighted average during the period. If no range is given, the estimated trade prices are more accurate. For instance, for AAPL, the high and low prices are $420.05 - $549.03, with an average of $467.26, which matches the data found on Yahoo Finance. It's important to note that GuruFocus uses the term \"estimate\" three times in their definition."}
{"3601": "\n\nInvesting in a company involves purchasing its shares, or derivatives thereof. However, it appears that you may not fully understand this concept. It is crucial that you refrain from investing in things you do not comprehend. Fortunately, there is an abundance of helpful materials on stock investing available online. However, if you prefer a quick and in-depth learning experience, a book is a great option to consider. Fortunately, there is a \"Stock Investing For Dummies\" book that can provide you with the knowledge you need. You can easily find more books on this topic, but keep in mind that the provided link is just to the \"cheat sheet\" in the back of the book, and reading the entire book would be beneficial."}
{"3602": "\n\nA few years ago, I possessed a credit card from a US bank that was serviced by FIA Card Services, an entity that is a part of Bank of America. FIA provided me with the ability to generate one-use credit card numbers along with time-limited numbers that lasted up to three months. I could also create permanent extra card numbers, each of which had a maximum charge value. This allowed me to have a separate card number, along with a limit, for services such as a gym membership or a subscription service. Unfortunately, the Bank discontinued this entire card offering, and as a result, I lost access to these features. Nevertheless, I am unsure if FIA still offers these features on their cards. Lastly, with regard to Pjc50's comment, in Japan, contactless cards have been prevalent for over ten years. However, during transactions, cards are usually placed in a unique tray with sensors beneath."}
{"3603": "\n\nDepending on your personality and preferences, purchasing a building may be a beneficial idea. However, there are several key points to consider beforehand. Firstly, it is important to factor in the proximity of the building to your location. It is recommended not to purchase any building more than 20 minutes away from where you are. Additionally, it is crucial to assess your level of experience in construction, building maintenance, and repairs. Do you possess the necessary tools, such as a reciprocating saw, for example? If you do not have the required expertise, it is advised to reconsider acquiring a property that requires renovation, as the associated costs can be exorbitant. One should estimate the costs involved and then quadruple them to obtain a realistic estimate. Additionally, being a landlord is a job in itself, and one should assess whether they have the time and patience to attend to tenants' needs. This could entail being called in the middle of the night to repair toilets, change light bulbs, and other maintenance tasks."}
{"3604": "\n\nThe outcome remains unchanged, regardless of the approach you take. For instance, let's suppose the cost of bills amounts to $600, and you receive a reimbursement of $400. You could incorporate the $400 as part of shared expenses and claim it as a deduction on utilities, but you would have to declare it as income. It is advisable to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of all monetary transactions. As a homeowner, you are entitled to deduct two-thirds of the expenses related to maintenance, such as snow removal, lawn care, etc., which is not allowable to most homeowners."}
{"3605": "\n\nWhile you can deduct lease payments, it's important to remember that expenses affect profitability. Therefore, owning versus leasing depends on the type of vehicle necessary for your business. If the image of your car doesn't impact your business, purchasing a quality used car may be the wiser financial choice. Consider carefully if your business needs a new vehicle. Regardless, an expense is still an expense."}
{"3606": "\n\nA \"junk bond\" is characterized by a high upfront yield because of its higher potential for default. Such bonds are often used in leveraged buyouts (LBOs) which inherently carry greater risk. While \"normal\" companies typically have 20%-30% debt and the rest equity, meaning that the company would have to lose 70%-80% of its value before the debtholders experience losses, LBOs often have only 10%-20% equity and the remaining debt. Therefore, if the equity cushion is lost, the value of the \"junk\" bonds may be compromised. The higher interest rates on these bonds aim to offset this inherent risk."}
{"3607": "\n\nWhy sell? There are several reasons, such as when the stock no longer aligns with your investment strategy or when you've lost confidence in the company's performance. In our situation, we're selling to withdraw our principal and invest in something else that meets our investment goals. Our strategy involves selling or making a sell offer once we can recover our principal after any applicable taxes or fees, including the dividends received. We gradually lower the sell price based on the dividends collected."}
{"3608": "\n\nMisuse is a potential risk, which means information should be shared judiciously. Sharing with large and trusted organizations can reduce the risk, as they have proper processes and controls in place. These days, PAN and other details are shared for various transactions, such as applying for a credit card, opening a bank account, or taking a phone connection. In most cases, a third party processes the application instead of the service provider directly. Creating fake employee records or creating a fake bank account in someone's name is possible, despite efforts to prevent it. As PAN details cannot be avoided when sharing with multiple parties, it is essential to stay vigilant. One way to monitor is to view the Form 26AS on the government website. It shows significant cash transactions, additional salary, or other noteworthy transactions. It is also useful to monitor CIBIL reports that contain all credit card and other details under your name."}
{"3609": "\n\nThere is no easy solution to successful investment management. If you are interested in hiring professionals to handle your investments, believing that they have greater knowledge of entry and exit points for short positions, and more time to closely monitor your investments, it may be helpful to consider investing in a mutual fund or exchange-traded fund that specializes in short positions. Keep in mind that there is no guarantee of success, and some of these funds may not have performed well in the past. It's important to research and read reviews before making any investment decisions."}
{"3610": "\n\nAccording to a reliable IRS report on the issue, donating a business' inventory in-kind can be a favorable option. However, it's important to note that under IRC 170(e)(1), the fair market value must be reduced by the amount of potential gain if the property were sold at its fair market value at the time of the donation. As a result, tax deductions for donated inventory cannot exceed the property's basis, which is generally its cost, when the fair market value is higher. To better understand these regulations, the report provides a narrative context and references IRC regulations. It is worth noting that the report is 16 pages long and outlines various exemptions, many of which encourage the donation of food prepared by restaurants/caterers to hunger charities by assigning value to something that would otherwise be considered worthless. Additionally, a detailed example is provided in which fur coats with a cost of goods sold of $200 and a market value of $1000 are donated."}
{"3611": "\n\nRevised: Significant changes in policy can be announced through speeches made by the central bank or treasury/finance department regarding the currency. This is especially true when the announcement is made by a high-level figure within the department, such as the President or Prime Minister. Other factors to consider include macroeconomic statistics, geopolitical considerations, and economic calendars, such as ForexFactory and MyFxBook that track planned economic news releases. However, unexpected events like a coup d'etat or war declaration may not be known in advance."}
{"3612": "\n\nRevised: The true purpose of commissions is to offer a measure of protection against risk, much like insurance. It serves as the final line of defense against external risks that could potentially wipe out all of your funds. Additionally, it helps to mitigate some of the risks you assume, as brokers keep a thorough record of all your transactions \u2013 a service that no one else provides. However, if the brokerage firm should go down, there is a risk that your funds may be wiped out completely, though the extent of the damage may vary depending on the circumstances."}
{"3613": "\n\nRevised: Being self-employed requires filling out additional forms in your annual self-assessment to account for your income. Your profit is calculated as the money you receive minus any tax-deductible expenses incurred in earning that income. It's essential to carefully document these expenses and keep all receipts in a safe place. You'll need to pay normal income tax on your profits, which will be added to your taxable income. As a self-employed individual, you don't pay yourself a regular salary but instead, take money from your profits. It's crucial to ensure that you leave enough funds to pay your taxes, but how you choose to use your remaining profit is up to you."}
{"3614": "\n\nI want to clarify that while I can offer general information, I am not a legal professional and this response should not be taken as legal advice. Additionally, I will assume that the loan in question was made in the USA since this was not specified by the original poster.\n\nIn a typical auto loan, there is a borrower and a co-borrower, also known as a co-signer. The borrower who signs the contract first is deemed the \"primary\" borrower. I would like to address the question of whether the primary borrower can also be considered a co-borrower, and my answer is no. The term \"primary\" simply refers to the borrower who signed the contract first and precludes the possibility of also being considered a co-borrower.\n\nIt's important to note that both the borrower and co-borrower, unless specified otherwise in the contract, share equal responsibility for the auto loan. Regardless of whether you are the borrower, primary borrower, or co-borrower, you are equally responsible.\n\nIt's unclear if a specific situation prompted this question. However, it's important to understand that when you add a co-borrower, both their positive and negative financial situations will be factored into the loan. In some cases, their inclusion can result in the loan being rejected. I should note that I worked for an auto finance company for 16 years, and this has been my experience."}
{"3615": "\n\nA minimum purchase requirement simply implies that you must round up your quantity to the nearest 100. In your case, the result is a whole number. However, if the result is not evenly divisible, you would need to round up. For instance, if the result is 654, you would round it up to 700 because of the purchase requirement. To obtain a more precise estimate, you would also need to consider the number of excess items you bought due to the minimum purchase requirement. To break even, you would need to sell 694 out of the 700 items you purchased."}
{"3616": "\n\nThe text could be revised as follows:\n\nIn a typical trading scenario, a broker conducts both client and street side trades. The client side represents trades made on behalf of their brokerage account, whereas the street side refers to trades made with external parties. For instance, suppose a client, John Doe, contacts me at Charles Schwab and requests the purchase of 100 IBM stocks. I evaluate the market and determine that the best deal is on Arca. Thus, I execute the trade on Arca for the client. At this point, I record a client side trade on their account and a street side trade against Arca. In the event that I am a dealer in IBM and choose to execute against my inventory, the street side trade would be internal, in which I book a trade against my account."}
{"3617": "\n\nYou will need to place separate orders for each scenario. For instance, if you aim to sell the stock at a certain price, you may want to consider using a stop-limit order. In this case, you would set a specific price at which the stop would execute, followed by another price for the sell order to take effect. Alternatively, you could opt for a stop-loss order to prompt a sell market order if the stock dips to $95 or below. To sell once the stock price hits $105 or exceeds this value, you may want to use a limit sell order. Once either order is executed, the other can be cancelled as it would no longer be relevant."}
{"3618": "\n\nRevised: This scenario would require an atypical set of circumstances. In some cases, individuals exercise specific types of stock options that count as regular income rather than capital gains while holding onto the stock for an extended period. This may occur because they are prohibited from selling due to an insider-trading freeze window, like the period before earnings announcements. However, if the stock then plummets and the company is acquired, those individuals may end up with stock options in their unicorn company, originally acquired for $1 per share, that suddenly balloon in value to $1000 per share just as HugeFirm purchases the company. Consequently, their options are exchanged dollar-for-dollar for HugeFirm stock at $250 per share, resulting in them receiving only four shares for every one. I have heard of this occurring frequently during the 1999-2000 boom and bust period. The issue was that historically, only CEOs and CFOs earning salaries of $20 million or more had access to this type of stock option and could obtain expert legal and financial counsel to navigate its potential pitfalls. However, during the dot-com boom, companies began offering it to rank-and-file tech employees earning salaries of $50,000 who lacked even a basic understanding of financial concepts such as 401Ks and Roth accounts. This resulted in a financial disaster for many individuals who were unable to comprehend the complexities or take any corrective action as they were not executive decision-makers. Even the companies that granted these stock options did not anticipate this outcome. The aftermath resulted in significant problems for everyone, including the IRS, which struggled to justify collecting taxes on phantom income that those tech employees would never realistically earn. The situation became so untenable that laws and practices had to be altered to remedy it. Consequently, this problem is no longer as prevalent as it once was."}
{"3619": "\n\nThere are various reasons as to why institutional investors hold a significant amount of a company's stock. One reason can be attributed to the company's inclusion in an index, particularly a major one. Numerous asset management firms have index-tracking funds or closely follow a benchmark, and such stocks would typically be heavily held by institutional investors. However, being part of an equity index depends on market capitalization and not on intrinsic quality or stock returns. Another reason is that the company may be viewed as a good prospect for growth or value, particularly in a sector that attracts institutional investors. Investing in popular assets, as opposed to undervalued ones, is part of the norm in the industry. While algorithmic trading decisions made based on technicals can also lead to institutional investors holding a stock. Sometimes, companies may sell a substantial share of their stock as part of an IPO or for additional capital raising, with institutional investors buying in as a result. Nevertheless, this doesn't necessarily signify the stock's potential as an excellent investment, and a high institutional ownership percentage may not imply less risk. For instance, during the 2008 crisis, Bear Stearns had a high institutional ownership percentage, yet the investment proved unprofitable."}
{"3620": "\n\nML is a brokerage firm. Instruct them to sell on your behalf. If you're unable to or unsure how to sell online, contact them and complete the transaction via phone. Your citizenship may affect tax withholding. If you haven't already filled out form W8-BEN, please do so. If US taxes are withheld, you may file a 1040NR to request a refund or credit the amount against your local tax obligations."}
{"3621": "\n\nRevised: \n\nPredicting the future stock price with accuracy can be challenging due to two significant factors. The first factor is based on quantitative data such as supply and demand, earnings per share, book value, and debt ratio. By using various formulas, one can estimate what the stock price should be. However, this method assumes that the market is rational, which is not always the case. The second factor is emotional and can lead to unpredictable changes in the stock price; for instance, Apple's price fluctuations after their earning reports. The company's metrics were positive, yet the stock price decreased, driven by unmet expectations. Sometimes, market reactions to people's emotional reactions makes it difficult to predict the stock price accurately. Moreover, the wide range of available strike prices in the options market indicate that predicting stock price with precision is a challenging task."}
{"3622": "\n\nRevised:\n\nTo transfer full ownership of the vehicle to himself, your friend will likely need the signature of the joint owner on a quitclaim and/or a sale of their ownership share. However, your actual question is how to end the cosigner arrangement, which requires paying off the loan in full. If your friend cannot or prefers not to pay off the loan upfront, they would need to qualify for a new loan to refinance only in their name, or find someone else (like yourself) to cosign. Another option would be to sell the vehicle or something else to cover the remaining amount owed. As previously mentioned by others, situations like these are why joint ownership and cosigning require a written agreement outlining the details of separation. When you do business with friends, it is still wise to treat it professionally."}
{"3623": "\n\nRevised: To view applicable commission and fee rates for standard services, please refer to the following link: https://brokerage-static.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/robinhood/legal/RHF%20Retail%20Commisions%20and%20Fees%20Schedule.pdf. You can find this link in the footer of our website, located to the left. We pride ourselves on fair pricing and transparent fee structures."}
{"3624": "\n\nTo be certain, you should calculate with your specific situation, but typically, it is wiser to use any extra funds to pay down the principal of your original loan more quickly. It is uncertain whether you will be able to refinance in the future at a more favorable rate, as it depends on several factors beyond your control. Nonetheless, it is almost always certain that paying off a debt is better than placing the same amount of money into a low-yield savings account."}
{"3625": "\n\nIt is unclear which country you are in. If you are in the UK, then there are several options for transferring money. Most balance transfer deals are only applicable for paying off other credit cards. However, there are \"money transfer\" deals that allow you to transfer money directly to your bank account. Even though these deals may not be as good as balance transfer deals, they may still be competitive when compared to other borrowing options. Another option to consider is getting a card that offers a \"0% for purchases\" deal, which would allow you to use the card for your regular shopping and save the money you would have spent on those purchases towards your car. However, the best option may depend on your borrowing needs and spending habits."}
{"3626": "\n\nRevised:\n\nI recently read about the 90-90-90 rule, which states that 90% of people lose 90% of their money within 90 days. Anything that happens within this timeframe is considered speculation or gambling, rather than a true investment. This rule often applies to inexperienced amateurs trying to compete with more seasoned professionals in the financial industry.\n\nHowever, despite the risks involved, many people have successfully made significant amounts of money through investing in stocks and other financial products. Though there may be some who give biased advice or recommendations solely for their own financial gain, the principle of investing in the stock market is sound - it is based on a company's ability to generate value and pay dividends.\n\nThere are several reasons why investing in stocks or other financial markets can be a wise choice. Firstly, it provides potentially higher returns than other investment options, such as putting money in an interest-bearing bank account. Secondly, it offers a chance to diversify one's portfolio and mitigate risk. Thirdly, historically speaking, the stock market typically trends upwards over long periods of time, providing an opportunity for substantial gains.\n\nOverall, while there are certainly risks involved in investing, the potential rewards can be substantial for those who are willing to do their due diligence and make informed decisions about their financial future."}
{"3627": "\n\nRevised: While it is easy to heed the suggestions of anonymous individuals on a website, it is preferable to consider the recommendations of successful and wealthy individuals. Personally, I am managing a very low interest rate of less than 3% and diligently working to pay off my mortgage. However, one night, I found myself pondering the prospect of reducing my payments and securing additional funds to purchase another rental property. In an effort to gain some guidance, I picked up Kevin O'Leary's book, Cold Hard Truth On Men, Women, and Money: 50 Common Money Mistakes and How to Fix Them, which I happened to be reading at the time.\n\nImmediately, the first line of the book grabbed my attention: \"The best investment anyone can make is to pay off their mortgage early.\" The author then offered calculations assuming a 3% mortgage payment. In light of Mr. O'Leary's personal and professional accomplishments, I felt his advice carried significant weight. Moreover, Mark Cuban shares a comparable philosophy on debt reduction. Apparently, 70% of the Forbes richest individuals would encourage debt elimination as a pivotal step in wealth creation.\n\nConsidering this advice, I have established a plan to adhere to Mr. O'Leary's suggestion and pay off my mortgage over the next 33 weeks (by September 2016) before weighing any future financial decisions."}
{"3628": "\n\nDon't fret too much about your retirement savings; just put something towards it each year. After all, you never know what could happen in 10 years. It's always a good idea to clear out any debts when you can, but be careful not to wipe yourself out. Prioritize the repayment process but don't rush it."}
{"3629": "\n\nWhat steps should I take to minimize my future debt? The best way to achieve this is to reduce your expenses. The first step towards financial independence is to learn to live with less. If I receive $3500, should I use it to pay off my credit cards or keep it as cash? This decision will depend on the interest rates associated with both the $3500 and credit cards. If the interest rate on the $3500 is higher than the credit card interest, it's best not to use any of it for the credit cards. It's the interest rate that hurts you in the long run, not the money you've borrowed. However, if the interest rate on the $3500 is lower than your credit cards, consider using some of it to pay off your credit cards. If you could be without work for a long time, it's wise to hold onto all the funds. Regarding savings, it may seem unconventional, but I don't recommend saving several months' worth of funds. Many employers offer retirement savings accounts like 401(k) and Thrift Savings Plans with matching contributions, which is a better approach. The rate of return on savings accounts is low, so they are not wise for long-term savings. I invested in a Thrift Savings Plan instead of a savings account and saved $12,000. Long-term investment accounts allow you to withdraw funds in case of emergency, such as unemployment. Plus, I find it too tempting to keep large sums of money on hand."}
{"3630": "\n\nThe distinction lies in whether your options are classified as incentive stock options (ISOs) or non-qualifying options. ISOs are subject to specific requirements (refer to this source for details), but when exercised, no taxes are incurred. Instead, the sale of the underlying stock is treated as a long-term capital gain, with the exercise price representing the basis (S). However, the alternative minimum tax (AMT) may apply when calculating taxes owed on ISOs. Should the AMT apply, the treatment of your ISOs shifts to that of non-qualifying options. If exercise occurs earlier, a countdown clock begins to tick, as holding the underlying stock for at least two years after being granted the options and at least one year after exercising them constitutes a caveat for ISO classification."}
{"3631": "\n\nI recently reviewed the T Rowe Price Retirement 2015 (TRRGX) fund for my client. According to the prospectus, the fund has an annual expense ratio of 0.63%. However, it is important to note that although the fund itself does not charge a management fee, it will bear a pro-rata share of the expenses incurred by the underlying T. Rowe Price funds in which it invests (also known as acquired funds). It is expected that the acquired funds will cover the operating expenses of the fund. One of the acquired funds, TROSX, has an expense ratio of 0.86%. As a result, the total cost of the fund is the weighted average of the acquired funds' expense ratios, in addition to the listed expense ratio of the fund. This information can be found in the \"Fees and Expenses of the Fund\" section, available at http://doc.morningstar.com/docdetail.aspx?clientid=schwab&key=84b36f1bf3830e07&cusip=74149P796."}
{"3632": "\n\nRevised: Although it may not directly answer your question, let me provide some information on a similar situation in which a U.S. investor wants to purchase individual stocks of non-U.S. companies. In this case, they would buy ADRs, which are dollar-denominated \"wrapper\" stocks. These can be purchased through one or multiple brokerages. I suggest another option for the person in your example - have they considered the risks involved in directly purchasing individual stocks? An alternative approach available in the U.S. is to buy ETFs specific to a given country or region. It is possible that a similar option exists in Asia that would eliminate the somewhat higher fees required for trading foreign stocks."}
{"3633": "\n\nNo, the introductory rate is a strategy used by the bank. While they may experience short-term losses, they anticipate long-term benefits once the introductory period ends and you begin paying interest. If you opt not to pay interest, there is little in it for them. However, the situation is somewhat different for individuals who close the card after the introductory period. In this case, the bank expects most people won't bother keeping the card."}
{"3634": "\n\nA user named Ray K on SE: Personal Finance commented on this question, stating that their broker told them that any important news released during a shareholder meeting must be publicly accessible and open. This is similar to how earnings releases are available to the entire public simultaneously, rather than just a select few attending the meeting."}
{"3635": "\n\nIt appears that you are referring to your residency status for tax purposes when you say \"I'm a US resident now.\" Even though you have no income in the US, as a resident, you must file a US tax return. The US taxes worldwide income for residents, regardless of where the income was earned. You can claim credits for taxes paid in India using Form 1116, and there may be additional treaty provisions that apply to your situation that would require Form 8833. We recommend working with a licensed tax professional (EA/CPA) in your state to ensure compliance with all requirements.\n\nRegarding your stock ownership, you need to declare the value of your stocks on Form 8938 and Form 114 (FBAR) if they meet certain thresholds. If any of your stocks are considered PFICs, the tax rate could be high, so we recommend seeking advice from a licensed tax professional. If you are transferring stocks to your father, you need to report the gift on Form 709, and gift tax may be due.\n\nFinally, if you own an apartment in India with no income, you do not need to report it at this time. However, when you sell the apartment, you must declare and pay taxes on the gains. We again suggest consulting with a tax adviser to understand any treaty provisions or potential tax benefits available to you. You may also want to consider the Section 121 exclusion when deciding when to sell the property."}
{"3636": "\n\nYes, it depends on the country you live in. US brokerages have stricter regulations or may not allow residents from countries involved in drug production, money laundering, or financing terrorism, among other difficulties. Moreover, the laws in your country could also place restrictions on purchasing foreign or US securities due to currency controls or other measures. However, some brokerage firms may have offices established globally, increasing your chances of finding one near you. If you're fortunate enough to have a favorable legal situation, some brokers may allow you to set up an account online, following a process similar to that used by US residents. You will need to provide identification and sign documents electronically or via mail, fax, and email. In my opinion, E*Trade is an excellent brokerage firm for beginners, and you should explore how far you can get in the sign-up process."}
{"3637": "\n\nBuxfer is a personal finance web application that you might find useful. Although it is not open-source, unlike financeworks.intuit.com, Buxfer does address some of the complaints users have about the latter. With Buxfer's Firebux software, a macro-recording tool, you can download statements and upload them to Buxfer without divulging your bank or brokerage usernames and passwords. Both Buxfer and Firebux are free of charge. Previously, Wesabe, another personal finance app, offered data-uploader software, but has since gone out of business."}
{"3638": "\n\nRevised: Although a repossessed automobile may have decreased in value from its original sale price, it still retains some value. Due to this, lenders offer \"title loans\" to consumers with poor credit, as it is a known risk pool in the lending industry."}
{"3639": "\n\nAlthough an old question, a new product is now available as an alternative solution. Stockpile.com is a website where you can purchase \"stock gift certificates\" for someone else, which come in both electronic and physical versions. This meets the original criteria of the question, as the gift giver can pay for stock without requiring the recipient's personal information, thereby keeping the gift a surprise. However, it's important to note that there are some limitations to this service. Despite these limitations, it's worth considering Stockpile.com as an option, particularly for parents who wish to teach their children about investing. If no other options are available, the cost may be worth it."}
{"3640": "\n\nConsider living in your current location until your children are close to starting college. At that point, consider moving to Germany where it's possible to receive college education for free. While the universities in Germany may not be in the top 10 globally, they are still competitive enough to provide a quality education. In the case that your children excel in their studies, transferring to the top universities in the UK or US with scholarships from Germany should pose no significant challenge. Additionally, your children can participate in exchange programs to other universities for several months or years with full funding provided by the European Union or German universities."}
{"3641": "The loan's structure and reporting determine its impact on credit. If the loan company reports to a credit bureau on behalf of both borrower and cosigner, both individuals receive a new account on their credit report. While this may initially decrease credit scores, it can have a positive long-term effect. Failure to pay will negatively affect both parties' credit. Alternatively, the loan company may report to a credit agency on only one individual, leaving the other as a backup. If the loan isn't reported, it won't impact credit unless it goes into collections. It's important to note that a loan's impact on credit only applies to the bureau it's reported to. Short-term loans may not have a significant impact on credit scores, and taking out a loan solely to build credit is not advisable. To establish credit, look for no fee credit cards and pay balances in full each month. Don't let credit scores dictate financial decisions."}
{"3642": "\n\nAlthough Yahoo aims to be convenient, providing mutual fund performance data is not its primary business. However, if you're looking for comprehensive information, we recommend trying Morningstar. Their sole mission is investment research, and they offer detailed data on the fund you're interested in. Just follow this link to access Morningstar's information. As you scroll down, you'll find all the necessary details you need."}
{"3643": "\n\nAlthough I didn't doubt everyone's assumption, I wanted to see the math, so I tinkered around with some spreadsheets. My initial assumption was monthly payments for 30 years, which came out to a total of $483.89. I then tested two scenarios where we would pay an extra $200 per month on top of this amount. In one scenario, we paid the extra money directly to the lender. In the second scenario, we set aside the additional $200 every month until we could pay off a $10,000 loan with a 7% interest rate. I assumed that the minimum payments were allocated proportionally and overpayments were divided equally, which meant it took us 77 months to pay off loan 5, 88 months to pay off loan 4, 120 months to pay off loan 3, 165 months to pay off loan 2, and 170 months to pay off loan 1.\n\nMoving onto scenario 2, where we pay $483.89 to the lender each month and save $200 separately. By month 48, we had saved $9,600, which was almost equal to the principle remaining in loan 3 of $9,547. After paying off loan 3, we were left with loans 1, 2, 4, and 5, which had a total principle of around $60,930. We then began making payments of $683.89 towards the remaining loans, and our weighted average interest rate decreased to 6.8% from 6.824%. Using this information, we can calculate that it would take us around 124.4 months to pay off the remaining loans, for a grand total of 172.4 months.\n\nIn conclusion, scenario 1 pays off the debt three months earlier with the same total monthly expenditure as scenario 2."}
{"3644": "\n\nAs littleadv pointed out, the answer depends on local laws. However, generally speaking, there is usually little reason for concern. Employee stock options tend to represent only a small fraction of a company's overall stock, making it unlikely that owners would risk jeopardizing the whole deal for a relatively small financial gain. In most cases, they would prefer to err on the side of caution to avoid any negative consequences."}
{"3645": "\n\nYes, but the real question is whether or not you are interested in obtaining gold. If you plan on purchasing gold regardless, and if you are able to obtain a favorable exchange rate for USD to gold, then it may be worth considering. However, if you intend on using your earnings to make purchases that cannot be made using gold, then it may be more practical to choose USD instead. Enjoy!"}
{"3646": "\n\nTo resolve the pre-authorization issue, file a dispute. This is essentially a duplicate charge as the item has already been paid for. You have the option of presenting evidence of the previous transaction. By doing so, the company will be compelled to invest time and effort in resolving the issue."}
{"3647": "\n\nIf you are looking to explain inflation to children, an easy example would be to use two fruits they like, such as Apples and Oranges. Give them each two of each fruit and then ask them how many apples they would want to exchange for one orange and vice versa. Usually, they will say one. Then give them each five more apples. Ask the same question again and observe how many apples they would now want to exchange for one orange. Generally, they will ask for more than one apple. \n\nHowever, in economics and finance, many variables and factors affect inflation, and it is challenging to predict the exact impact of factors such as quantitative easing (QE). Therefore, while several theories exist, it is difficult to provide a clear-cut answer for its impact."}
{"3648": "\n\nYou have been fulfilling the RMD requirements by taking the required minimum distributions each year. The RMD is calculated by dividing the previous year's balance on 12/31 by a divisor that was determined when you inherited the account. The divisor decreases by 1 each year. However, if you have made some profitable trades and increased your account balance, the next year's RMD will also increase. To manage this situation effectively, it is advisable to have a good understanding of marginal rates and use the RMD to stay within your current tax bracket. This strategy can help slow down the growth of your RMD and prevent further substantial increases."}
{"3649": "\n\nThere are certain things that I find difficult to comprehend. Although the cash per share amount is $12.61, the debt appears to be roughly $30 per share. When I consider this with the $22 negative book value, I am unable to discern how the shareholders can recover any amount."}
{"3650": "\n\nIt is probable that your bill always displays the 24th as the due date, as their system is designed to maintain consistency regardless of the day of the week. However, on days when the 24th falls on a non-business day, it is advisable to err on the side of caution and use the business day before. While their automated CC payment system accepts payments on the 24th, your payment submitted through your bank and received on the 23rd may not have been credited due to the unavailability of live personnel on weekends. To avoid such occurrences, I prefer to build in a couple of extra days into my payment schedule. Nonetheless, if you contact the company and explain the situation, they are likely to credit the late charge back to you."}
{"3651": "\n\nSolar water heaters may not be the best option in the Northeast due to their limited effectiveness during the most critical season. On the other hand, solar electric can be a profitable investment with rebates on installation, carbon-reduction credits (SRECs), and potential discounts when purchasing in a group. With my setup, I estimated that the initial costs would be paid back in four years, and the panels are typically viable for a decade before requiring replacement. Although I have yet to experience a negative electric bill, I have reduced my electricity usage significantly, going so far as to replace all incandescent bulbs in my home. While not a significant money-maker, solar electric can still be a worthy investment in the Northeast."}
{"3652": "\n\nThe question is not specific regarding the timing of the initial investment \u2013 whether it occurs now or in one period from now. If the investment occurs now, then it is a perpetuity due. I will consider two scenarios, A and B, pertaining to the size of the initial investment.\n\nA. Assuming that the initial investment (C_0) is made now and each subsequent payment has a relationship of (1+g) with this investment, the relevant base equation is for the present value of a growing perpetuity due, expressed in terms of C_0, i.e., PVGPD = [C_0*(1+g)*(1+i)]/(i-g). To meet the requirements of the question, i=fixed rate of return (f) and g=expected inflation rate (e), allowing us to rewrite the equation as PVGPD = [C_0*(1+e)*(1+i)]/(i-e]. We know that f is a fixed nominal rate that must be adjusted for e to calculate the real rate (r) using the formula f=(1+r)*(1+e)-1. Thus, PVGPD = [C_0*(1+e)*(1+(1+r)(1+e)-1)]/((1+r)*(1+e)-1-e]. Simplifying this, we get PVGPD = {C_0*(1+r)(1+e)^2}/[r(1+e)], which can also be written as PVGPD = [C_0*(1+r)*(1+e)]/r.\n\nB. If the initial investment (X) is not equal to each subsequent perpetual payment (C_1), then the relevant base equation is for the initial investment plus the present value of a growing perpetuity, i.e., PVGP = X + [C_1/(i-g)]. Rewriting this, we can substitute f and e to get PVGP = X + [C_1/(f-e)], which can then be substituted into the previous equation for PVGPD to get PVGPD = X + C_1/[r*(1+e)]."}
{"3653": "\n\nI discovered that certain UK banks offer personal accounts with interest rates as high as 3%. Although I won't mention the name, the bank with a red logo is well-known for this. One strategy to earn extra interest would be to withdraw a directors loan from your company and place the funds into one of these accounts. However, it's important to remember to repay the loan before the financial year ends. Otherwise, the interest earned on the loan could be classified as dividends."}
{"3654": "\n\nThis is a common process with dealer financing. To expand on littleadv's response, when you opt for dealer financing, they typically attempt to secure a loan on your behalf through local banks in your area. This can result in multiple hard inquiries on your credit report, as each bank assesses your creditworthiness. If none of these banks approve your loan, the dealer's financing entity will provide the loan instead. Personally, I experienced this very scenario when purchasing a Hyundai. It's also important to note that receiving rejection letters from various banks is a possibility, as the dealer will submit loan requests to multiple banks simultaneously. This also happened to me, and I continue to own my car over a year later. Just be sure to compare the rejection letters to the credit inquiries on your report."}
{"3655": "\n\nI have experience trading U.S.-listed LEAPS and typically use the CBOE quotes page you provided. However, I was surprised to find that the page did not display 3M (MMM) LEAPS quotes even after selecting the \"List all options, LEAPS, Credit Options & Weeklys if avail.\" option. Fortunately, I found access to the full chain of option quotes on the CBOE's other quotes page under the \"Quotes & Data\" menu and selecting Delayed Quotes - NEW! However, I find the new interface difficult to navigate compared to the all-in-one table of the Delayed Quotes Classic page. It is possible that the classic page's incomplete chain is a recently introduced bug or software defect. In terms of Yahoo! Finance option quotes, I cannot explain why their chain is incomplete, and I do not rely on their accuracy or reliability due to frequent errors and missing data in their feed of Canadian stocks. Instead, I rely on the exchange's quotes and my broker's real-time quotes. While NASDAQ also offers full chain option quotes, I consider CBOE's quotes more definitive since they are the options exchange."}
{"3656": "\n\nRevised:\n\nAccurately calculating and adjusting cost basis can be a daunting task. However, there is a paid online tool available to the public called NetBasis, which can automatically calculate and adjust your cost basis. NetBasis is widely used by brokerage firms and Fortune 500 companies. You can access this tool at netbasis.com. All you need to do is input the purchase and sale dates and shares of the stock or mutual fund, and the system will take care of the rest. It will incorporate all necessary information, such as corporate actions, pricing, and dividends, and apply the appropriate IRS rules for inherited and gifted shares. Additionally, investors have the option of choosing their own calculation methods. NetBasis automatically calculates the method selected and provides results for all options, allowing users to make an informed decision. As an added bonus, NetBasis provides detailed supporting documentation that displays all the calculations and adjustments in chronological order. It has a vast database dating back to 1925, which enables it to accurately determine the cost basis for outdated investments, such as American Telegraph and Telephone shares. NetBasis can also handle complex investment scenarios like wash sales, short sales, return of capital, etc. Moderator's note: The answerer notes their affiliation with NetBasis in their profile."}
{"3657": "\n\nYour monthly savings from solar panels can change based on changes in laws or utility company policies related to your setup details. This means that the \"payback period\" or \"break even point\" can also change over time. Future costs may differ from your initial projections. In the US, excess power from home solar installations is typically sold back to the power company, but the amounts paid for that power and minimum charges for grid connection can be altered by the company. Similarly, as more people start using solar panels, power companies may adjust rates to make it less financially feasible. To avoid these issues, you could opt for an off-grid solar panel setup where you store power with your own battery. However, this is uncommon in the US due to its complexity and higher costs."}
{"3658": "\n\nPerhaps returning all his correspondence to the Post Box and labeling it with \"Wrong address\" would be appropriate. Do not open the letters, simply inform the postman that the intended recipient does not reside at that address and request that it be returned to the sender. The Revenue will handle any necessary adjustments. Be sure to reject any certified or registered mail that is not addressed to you personally."}
{"3659": "\n\nRevised: This advice is sound as long as you have enough savings to cover six months of living expenses, even if you purchase a depreciating asset outright. When choosing your loan term, take into account the benefits of owning a decreasing asset sooner. Nevertheless, in the current climate of low interest rates and a thriving stock market, it may be wise to invest your funds elsewhere, depending on your risk tolerance. Ultimately, the emotional aspect of this decision has value, but only you can determine its worth. As a general rule, owning a depreciating asset sooner is preferable, although in circumstances like today's, there may be other factors to consider. All the best with your purchase \u2013 there's nothing quite like cruising in a new set of wheels!"}
{"3660": "\n\nThe amount of tax you owe depends on the state you are registered in and the salary you receive. Additionally, if you hire workers on a contractual basis, you may not be required to pay taxes. For further information, please refer to the link provided."}
{"3661": "\n\nI previously relied on etfconnect before they became a paid service that focuses on closed-end funds. Nowadays, I obtain my information on ETFs from multiple sources. My primary source for information about the instrument itself is etfdb, which utilizes data from Morningstar and Yahoo Finance. When it comes to comparison charts, Google Finance is unmatched. For comprehensive details about a specific ETF, I refer to the managing firm's prospectus. It is crucial to note that one should never trust a site that recommends which securities to purchase. The goal should be to acquire reliable information on financial instruments to make an informed decision, rather than relying on a site to decide for you. This is because people have different financial strategies and objectives, and following a single site's buy-sell recommendations will likely result in financial loss."}
{"3662": "\n\nyou may still owe taxes on the discount you received through ESPP. However, if you hold onto the stock long enough for it to qualify as a long-term capital gain, you may be subject to a lower tax rate."}
{"3663": "\n\nThe returns reported by mutual funds to shareholders and on Google finance are calculated after deducting all the associated costs. This means that the displayed returns represent the actual returns that investors would receive."}
{"3664": "\n\nAfter retiring, nobody wants to run low on cash. To ensure financial stability, it's best to make some investments. Start by comparing your expenses with your savings and invest the surplus. Consider placing some of your money in short-term reserves such as bank accounts, market funds or deposit certificates. While these investments may not yield high returns, they will ensure funding for at least two to three years.\n\nWhen it comes to stocks, there is no need to withdraw your money immediately. If your stocks are doing well and there are no signs of further profit, then consider taking the money out. However, if there is still potential for growth, leave the stocks alone. By making informed investment decisions, you can safeguard your financial security post-retirement."}
{"3665": "\n\nThe concern arises only when the investments increase significantly in value. A minor sum will not activate the elevated tax rates. However, for substantial amounts, you may want to consider utilizing one of the following options: segregated insurance products, RRSPs in your personal name after your company gives you a salary, or gift-giving to other relatives."}
{"3666": "\n\nTo calculate your financial performance, start by factoring in the inflation rate, and subtracting your expenses for the year. If you end up with more than the adjusted value of your starting funds, you've done well. For instance, let's say you had $10,000 in 2014, and spent $1,000, leaving you with $9,000. Assuming a 3% inflation rate, your starting $10,000 would be worth $10,300 in 2015. To measure your progress, divide the difference between what you have now ($9,000) and the adjusted value of your starting funds ($10,300) by your starting amount ($9,000), which gives you 14.44%. Any return exceeding 14.44% is good. Because living costs and inflation rates can vary by location, be sure to adjust your calculations accordingly. Cheers."}
{"3667": "\n\nIntuit states that you cannot deduct the $50 charitable contribution, which means the entire $2000/month is subject to taxation, instead of $1900. If your combined tax rate is 35%, this only results in an additional $35. As TTT advised, undertake this experience for the learning opportunity, rather than monetary gain. My wife and I have been hosting international students for the past 10 years.  Regarding the inquiry about completing a Schedule C for expenses, please refer to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3152069-i-received-a-1099-misc-employee-compensation-for-hosting-a-foreign-exchange-student-can-i-complete-a-schedule-c-for-the-expenses."}
{"3668": "\n\nThe term \"guaranteed minimum future value\" can be misleading as it actually refers to the amount the finance company will charge you at the end of the agreement if you want to keep the car, often considered a \"guaranteed maximum future cost\". This value is set by the finance company and is based on an estimate of how much the car will be worth at the end of the agreement. If the car is worth less than this agreed value, you can simply hand it back without incurring any additional costs. If it is worth more, you may be able to profit if you pay for the car or roll over into a new agreement. Therefore, the finance company has an incentive to set a sensible value to avoid losing money.\n\nHowever, if the value of the car has declined significantly since the start of the agreement, the finance company may have underestimated its worth and could incur a loss when you return the car at the end of the agreement. Additionally, you may have the legal right to voluntary termination once you have paid off half of the Total Amount Payable, which should be outlined in the agreement. If you wish to terminate the agreement before this point, negotiation with the finance company may be necessary. \n\nIt is important to note that while this answer is based on research, the specifics of PCP agreements may vary, and individuals should thoroughly read and understand their contracts before entering into any agreement."}
{"3669": "\n\nTo better protect yourself, consider getting credit protection which will notify you when new credit is taken out in your name. You can access your credit report at http://www.annualcreditreport.com/. While reviewing your report, take advantage of the option to DISPUTE any adverse items, as this will compel the other party to provide evidence to TransUnion within 30 days attesting to the validity of the adverse item. Many items drop off the report after being disputed. Everyone should follow this practice. For direct access to TransUnion, visit https://dispute.transunion.com/dp/dispute/landingPage.jsp. Results from disputes are communicated to the other two bureaus. This practice can significantly increase your credit score. Protect yourself by regularly monitoring your credit report, and using any offered protection to reduce the risk of new accounts being opened in your name."}
{"3670": "\n\nAs you are paid by the job, not the hour, I don't believe your employer is obliged to pay you for your travel time. This could change if the employer was using this structure to avoid paying you minimum wage. However, it looks like you are currently earning over the minimum wage, based on the maximum travel time you mentioned and the job length you stated. This gives you a minimum hourly rate of $8.83/hr, which exceeds both the federal minimum wage ($7.25/hr) and the Nevada minimum wage of $8.25/hr. Although you are required to pick up helpers and use a company car, you are not being paid by the hour, so the driving time is not counted as work time, unless any other laws are being broken. In terms of taxes, the employer must tax your total income, whether it is from wages or reimbursement. If you pay for gas yourself, this should be reimbursable as a business expense and would not be taxed. However, if the company pays for gas, this amount would be taxed as part of your overall income."}
{"3671": "\n\nThere may be a portion of the 45,000 individuals who are subject to taxation, and it is important to understand how their stipend was determined. Was it based on the duration of their absence, the mileage they traveled, or the cities they worked in? The Internal Revenue Service provides guidelines for determining taxable income in IRS Pub 15, which outlines per diem allowances or other fixed reimbursements. Employers may reimburse their employees based on travel days, miles driven, or other fixed allowances under the applicable revenue procedure, but reimbursement cannot exceed rates established by the Federal Government. For example, the standard mileage rate for auto expenses in 2015 was 57.5 cents per mile, and in 2016 it was 54 cents per mile. The U.S. General Services Administration website provides government per diem rates for meals and lodging within the continental United States, which employers can reference. However, employees must substantiate their business expenses beyond the amount reimbursed (e.g. providing evidence of the business purpose of travel or the number of business miles driven), following the methods outlined in Pub. 463. If the per diem or allowance paid exceeds the substantiated expenses, the employer must report the excess as wages, and withhold income tax and social security, Medicare, and FUTA taxes. Employers should use code \u201cL\" to show the amount equal to the substantiated expenses (i.e. the nontaxable portion) in box 12 of Form W-2."}
{"3672": "\n\nIt is likely that paying for renovations upfront with a loan is not a wise decision since most of the initial payments go towards interest. However, it would be beneficial to utilize free mortgage calculators, which are widely available on the internet, to calculate and assess the actual numbers before reaching a conclusion. It is important to keep in mind that most renovations do not result in increased sales prices. This happens because potential buyers may not fancy the changes made in the house but would have been happy if they had the chance to renovate the house themselves. If renovating does not negatively affect the ability to sell the house, it is best to renovate when planning to stay for an extended period and enjoy the enhanced features. Home Improvement discussions recommend changes that usually provide a return on investment, such as fresh paint, staging the house, replacing broken blinds, cleaning windows, adding flowers, and similar changes."}
{"3673": "\n\nTypically, mutual funds release annual or semi-annual reports which can provide insight into when the fund will make distributions. These distributions refer to the passing of taxable liabilities to shareholders in the form of dividends, which can cause a decrease in NAV. Alternatively, information on recent distribution history can also be found in the fund's prospectus. If you are unsure why a fund would make such a distribution, I recommend researching the legal structure of open-end mutual funds, which have specific rules regarding tax handling in these cases."}
{"3674": "\n\nThe text is already clear and concise, but here's one possible revision:\n\nIt's unclear which country you live in, but if it's the U.S., please be aware that the IRS has specific rules regarding business use of a car. You can find more information on this topic at http://www.irs.gov/publications/p463/ch04.html. Essentially, if you use the car exclusively for business purposes (i.e. not for personal errands), you can deduct the full cost and expenses. If you use the car for both business and personal use, you can only deduct the portion that was used for business purposes. To calculate this, you can either keep precise records of the car's expenses and usage, or use the standard mileage rate (which changes annually). Note that simply paying for the car from a business account does not automatically make it a deductible expense. Finally, please be advised that the IRS pays close attention to deductions related to cars, computers, and home offices, so it's not advisable to try to stretch the rules in these areas."}
{"3675": "\n\nRevised: Ownership of stock is what matters, regardless of whether the asset is a good or service. Perhaps the issue lies in attempting to categorize a noun as a verb or vice versa."}
{"3676": "\n\nFor most of your needs, www.mint.com is a convenient option. I've had a positive experience using it, and I can vouch for its security and cost-effectiveness since it's free. Creating a similar service on your own requires significant time and effort, and it may not provide better security than the existing readily available options. Wishing you the best of luck."}
{"3677": "\n\nThe price of shares is determined by demand. Assuming an equal number of shares are available for trade, stocks with a higher demand will have a higher price. For example, if a company needs to raise $100, and they have 1000 total shares, they may sell 100 shares for $1 each. If demand exists for at least $1 per share, they can reach their goal; however, if the market value of their shares is only 50 cents apiece, they would only raise $50. In this case, the company could sell another 100 shares. However, as a result of selling more shares, the company's equity ownership decreases. In the first case, the company would own 90% of the equity (900 shares) and in the second case, they would own only 80% of the equity (800 shares).\n\nThe benefit to the company and shareholders of having a higher share price is that the value of the shares increases. Therefore, the company can sell fewer shares and still raise the same amount of money. Many startups offer shares to employees as part of their remuneration package because cash flow is typically tight when starting a new business. Having a higher share price can also act as a credit score, as a more credit-worthy company will typically have a higher share price, making it easier to obtain credit. Additionally, a higher share price can make it more expensive for competitors to take over a company, offering defensive and offensive advantages. All of these advantages are subject to the condition of \"ceteris paribus,\" or \"all other things being equal.\""}
{"3678": "\n\nDifferentiating speculation from investing is significant. Purchasing something with the intention of gaining profit through market fluctuations is speculation. Meanwhile, buying something and expecting to earn profit because your investment is providing actual economic value is investing. For instance, if Person A and Person B both obtain 100 shares of the same stock with varying investment duration, they share the same level of risk at that point. However, over a year, Person B will gain profit from the economic value the company generates throughout the year, while Person A can only obtain profit when there is a change in the market. Economic value over the span of an hour is negligible. Consequently, Person B is exposed to the risk of purchasing stock, but this is outweighed by the benefit of holding onto the stock for a year. On the other hand, Person A only faces the risk. Furthermore, if Person A buys a new stock every hour, they will have to handle numerous transactions. As a result, despite Person B assuming the same level of risk upon purchasing the stock, Person A bears the greater total risk owing to the frequency of their transactions."}
{"3679": "\n\nGoal - What are your savings or investment goals: education costs, retirement, vacation, home, or something else? Key considerations should be the dollar figure and time period for achieving these goals. \n\nRisk tolerance - You need to determine what level of risk you are willing to accept with your investment choices. How much time commitment do these investments require, and are you prepared to spend the necessary time to make them work? This includes understanding the potential volatility of the investments as well as your own beliefs that may affect your decision-making. \n\nStrategy - Before buying an investment, it's important to determine your buy and sell conditions and the models you will be following. Having a clear strategy can help prevent buyer's remorse and other issues that can arise down the line. \n\nRecord keeping - It's important to understand what kind of records you will need for tax purposes and how long to keep them. These are the main considerations to keep in mind."}
{"3680": "\n\nCredit Sesame offers free credit score monitoring. It is my understanding that they generate their revenue through credit card referrals."}
{"3681": "\n\nA Self-Directed IRA is quite different from an IRA provided by Schwab, eTrade, etc. as it requires a specialized custodian to manage it. I learned about this type of account as an option for purchasing rental property, but I faced two challenges. Firstly, the property I was interested in did not meet the bank's financing criteria, and secondly, self-dealing rules added an extra layer of expense as I was unable to perform basic tasks for the property. If you plan to invest in a similar way, the primary challenge you may face is self-dealing. It's worth noting that any IRA must be funded with cash, a transfer, or a conversion from another IRA/401(k). It's unclear how you would transfer the intelligent property into the IRA in the first place, as once you possess a patent, you are unable to sell it into the IRA. As littleadv often suggests, it's always best to seek professional advice to avoid any potential financial pitfalls."}
{"3682": "\n\nI believe that there are actually two agreements between you and your sister, and it would be best to explicitly separate them to bring more clarity. The first agreement pertains to ownership and responsibility for the building, while the second pertains to each of your personal use of a unit. To begin, approach ownership as if you are not living in the building. Divide the down payment, monthly mortgage, taxes and insurance, cost of maintenance, and ownership and benefits of the building in a 70%/30% split, and put these terms in a written contract. Treat this agreement as a business contract. \n\nNext, lease the units to yourselves as if you were tenants, with individual leases for each sister. Each tenant should pay the going rate for the unit they occupy. This provides clarity on each sister's responsibilities in a tenant capacity. If the rent from all three units covers the monthly expenses, then no further action is needed. If the rent exceeds monthly expenses, then each sister will receive business income based on the 70%/30% split. If the rent is less than the monthly expenses, each sister will be required to make up the difference according to the same split rate. If any utilities are included, they should be apportioned via rent based on each unit's usage. \n\nIt is possible to handle all of these transactions via ledger entries, without physically moving the money around, but I believe that it will be more beneficial to explicitly pay rent initially to clarify your dual relationship as joint owners and tenants. \n\nIt is important to acknowledge that this is a potentially sticky situation. Many familial relationships have been strained or ruined by mixing business and renting to family members. You are doing both, so it is important to be careful. Put everything in writing to minimize risk. It is not about lack of trust, but about clear communication and understanding of every important point. Put together a clear contract for the business portion, and also include written leases for the tenant portion. This will benefit all sisters."}
{"3683": "\n\nSix years have passed since I started using CheckFree, but my uncle has been a user since the early 1980s, relying on a 300 baud modem. The platform boasts e-bill and EDI payment options, allowing you to create your payment schedule. Additionally, CheckFree offers check mailing services for both individuals and small businesses. You can link multiple bank accounts and schedule recurring payments for the same bill, which is especially helpful when purchasing expensive items with a credit card. To further increase flexibility, ad hoc payments can also be made."}
{"3684": "\n\nUpon receiving clarification in comments, I would like to change my answer. It seems that some of the securities mentioned, such as GEAPP, are traded on what is known as the Grey Market. The Grey Market, also referred to as the Gray Market, is a category of OTC stocks that is distinct from Pink Sheets and the OTCBB. According to Investopedia, it is an over-the-counter market where dealers can fulfill orders for preferred customers and aid in a new issue before it is officially released. This enables underwriters and the issuer to establish demand and price securities accordingly before the IPO.\n\nFurther research shows that Grey Sheet stocks are clearly distinct from other financial markets because there are no recent bid or ask quotes available. This is due to the fact that no market makers share data or provide quotes on such securities. There is also no quoting system available to record and settle trades. All Grey Sheet trading is monitored by a broker and conducted between consenting individuals who agree on a price. The only publicly available documentation on trades is when the last trade occurred. Unlike Pink Sheets, Grey Sheet stocks have no SEC registration, possess no stock symbol, and have no shares that can be traded publicly. As a result, such penny stocks are not required to file SEC financial and business reports. Grey Sheet stocks may not be advertised or solicited to the public unless a specific number of shares are qualified to be traded publicly under 504 of Regulation D. Furthermore, Grey Sheet trading is rare, and these securities are considered extremely illiquid due to their low market cap and lack of information.\n\nGrey Sheets are typically associated with IPO, start-up, or spin-off companies, although not all of them are. Grey Sheets are also home to delisted stocks from other markets, including the NASDAQ, OTCBB, and Pink Sheets. Such securities were delisted or removed due to financial issues that prevented them from meeting the minimum requirements of registered SEC filings or stock exchange regulations.\n\nTo answer your question, the cause of the erratic fluctuations is likely due to the illiquidity and lack of information available on Grey Sheet stocks. As a result, most investors tend to be skeptical of these securities and avoid them altogether. Thanks for posing such a great question, by the way."}
{"3685": "\n\nI believe you already have some great ideas here! I also agree that relying on a company to \"repair\" your credit is not the best idea as they don't have any secret methods to do so. Repairing credit takes time and hard work. Consider cutting out luxury items from your expenses. For example, you may need cable TV but perhaps you could do without premium channels like HBO and showtime. Take an inventory of your current expenses to determine what you can live without. \n\nThankfully, there are plenty of side gig options available nowadays. Check out this informative article here: https://www.learnvest.com/2017/06/this-is-how-much-you-could-make-through-airbnb-uber-and-7-other-popular-side-gigs. The article discusses the monthly average earning potential on popular side gig sites like Airbnb and Uber. As someone working in IT, you could also consider using Fiverr. I've used Fiverr for many projects and it allows you to set your own deadlines, work schedule, and choose the jobs you want to work on. Fiverr has many contractors with diverse IT skills and there is a high demand for web developers. I am not sure what IT field you are in, but I hope this information is helpful! Best of luck to you!"}
{"3686": "\n\nThe concept of market capitalization refers to speculative value and can be expressed mathematically as M = P * W, where W represents the percentage of ownership of a stock or other assets, and P represents the price of this ownership. It's important to note that this calculation may include deals that occur outside of standard exchange frameworks. In some cases, investment funds may purchase ownership percentage directly through partial ownership deals, which is not categorized as stock but is still a fixed-type asset with value.\n\nFor stock market capitalization, the calculation is expressed as M2 = Q * D, where D represents free stocks that are available on the market, and Q represents the quote number or the price of the stock. It's essential to recognize that many types of stocks do not provide actual ownership percentages, but instead function like non-fixed coupon bonds with non-fixed prices. These stocks do not contribute to a company's capitalization once sold to the market, but they do contribute to market capitalization through their initial price during sale."}
{"3687": "\n\nRevised: Cashier's checks are a reliable alternative to cash, especially since many banks no longer carry large sums of money. I use them frequently because I can cash them anywhere without an account. These checks serve as proof that the issuer has set aside specific funds, exclusively for the check. Because it assures the availability of funds, it is widely accepted as a guaranteed method of payment between banks. Cashier's checks are useful for immediate payments, and they don't require a fee or waiting period to clear like a regular check. I utilize them regularly for transactions ranging from $5,000 to over $100,000."}
{"3688": "\n\nThe following day, the market opened at 10.50. It is unclear from your communication whether your limit order for $10.10 is intended for a buy or sell. As with previous trading days, the process of matching orders continues. If you have provided a limit order to buy at $10.10 and there is no corresponding sell order at that price, your trade will not be executed. Conversely, if you have placed a limit sell order at $10.10 and there exists a buyer at a similar or higher price, then the trade will take place. It is worth noting that the Open price relates to the first transaction of that trading day."}
{"3689": "\n\nWhen comparing payments made at different times, it is essential to apply one basic principle: all amounts must be either compounded or discounted to the same time frame. For this particular case, we can use the moment of the initial $225,000 loan as a convenient reference point. At this time, you receive this amount and subsequently make 30 payments on the 40% mortgage. To determine the value of these payments, you must calculate the monthly amount required to pay off a $90,000 mortgage over 30 monthly payments at a rate of 0.5% per month. \n\nOnce you have determined this value, you then make 30 payments of an amount X, beginning one month after the 40% mortgage has been repaid. At this point, it is helpful to create a time-line diagram to aid in visualizing the timing of all the payments made.\n\nFinally, to reconcile all the payments made at different times and bring them to the starting point using an interest rate of 1% per month, it is necessary to use compound interest and annuity formulas. By balancing the money in with the money out, you can solve for X."}
{"3690": "\n\nIt is possible to have rates below -100%. For example, if I start with $100 and end up with $9 after a year, my rate of return could be -91%, -181%, -218%, or -241% depending on the compounding method used. Regardless of the method, the final amount always equals the initial amount times a growth factor G, which can be expressed using a rate r and a day count fraction T. In this case, since T is 1 and the final amount is 0.09 times the initial amount, we can calculate that the rate of return is -91%, -181%, -218%, or -241%. This highlights the importance of considering the compounding method when calculating rates of return."}
{"3691": "\n\nAccording to the Canadian Government's website, the rules are clear: most employees cannot claim employment expenses. This means you cannot deduct the cost of commuting to and from work, as well as expenses for tools and clothing, among others. However, there is an exception for public transportation expenses. You are allowed to claim the cost for monthly or longer public transit passes for commuting within Canada in 2016. \n\nAlso, it's challenging to justify claiming a second sleeping residence as a work-related expense. If you choose to work in a particular town and decide to spend the night there, it is not considered a work requirement. Hence, you cannot claim it as an employment expense. \n\nAs always, it is best to seek advice from a certified tax professional in your country to determine your country's personal and corporate tax laws and filings."}
{"3692": "\n\n\"The long-term valuation of currencies is determined by Purchasing Power Parity while for stocks, it depends on factors such as revenues, expenses, market sizes, growth rates, and interest rates. However, fluctuations in currency and stock prices occur in the short term due to factors such as interest rate changes, demand for goods and services, asset price changes, political fears, and momentum investing. In any given time frame, a currency or stock can be affected by these factors. Although the Relative Strength Index can indicate whether a currency or stock has been rising or falling recently, it does not provide any information about its current value in terms of being high or low.\""}
{"3693": "\n\nOne can use Bollinger band values to identify stocks that are experiencing sideways trends. During periods of volatility, Bollinger band averages expand, whereas they converge on the matched prices when asset prices experience little volatility for a longer period of time. Additionally, it is helpful to review the Bollinger band formula to gain insight into how this indicator functions, in order to create a customized approach suited to your specific needs."}
{"3694": "\n\nSupport or resistance levels can be categorized into two types: static and dynamic. Static levels refer to those that remain constant over time, such as horizontal and trend lines. On the other hand, dynamic levels change with time. An example of a dynamic level is the Moving Average, which is commonly used as a support or resistance indicator."}
{"3695": "\n\nIn my opinion, the primary drawbacks of this system include the perpetuation of the credit referencing system, which is widely abused and inadequately regulated, as well as the promotion of the idea that purchasing items without sufficient funds is acceptable (one should either save up or reconsider the item's price and necessity)."}
{"3696": "\n\nA covered call involves selling call options on a stock you already own. Interestingly, when creating a covered call position, there is no need to wait for the stock transaction to settle. All you need is to enter it as one trade, and the settlement will occur at different times."}
{"3697": "\n\nIf you receive wage income that is reported on a W2 form, you have the option to contribute to a Roth IRA with the maximum amount being either your full wages, what you can afford, or $5500. One of the advantages of a Roth IRA is that the nominal amounts you contribute can be withdrawn without tax consequences, making it an excellent emergency fund. However, you cannot withdraw interest or gains until retirement or use losses on your tax return. \n\nIt's crucial to make your Roth IRA contribution by April 15th of the current year to avoid missing the limit for the previous year. A student with partial employment is likely to be in the lowest marginal tax rate they will ever be in, making it an effective time to utilize the Roth tax benefit. \n\nIf you're anticipating a small contribution, it's less important which investment you choose than making the contribution. Although you might select any mutual fund that interests you and be prepared to profit or lose a small amount annually. As an investor, you must understand your emotions around market volatility and be able to manage panic responses in the event of a loss. While it's not ideal to suffer losses in a Roth, losing \"a few hundred\" is not consequential in the long run.\n\nHowever, if you're not prepared to take on the risk of losing your investment or expect to require the money shortly, it's best to keep the funds in cash while reducing your expenses to allow you to add more to the Roth IRA. Contributing an additional $100 could result in greater savings at the end of the year than an investment choice would likely yield."}
{"3698": "\n\nIn Australia, you have the option to file a complaint with the Financial Ombudsman Service. While I personally have not utilized their services, it is commonly known that organizations tend to respond more promptly once the ombudsman is involved. However, based on your statement that the organization has fulfilled their promises, the ombudsman may only offer a sympathetic ear rather than taking further action."}
{"3699": "\n\nThe distinction lies in whether there is a contract detailing the payment schedule, interest rates, and fees for late payments. If such a contract is in place, then the IRS classifies the transaction as a loan. In the absence of a contract, the money transfer is considered a gift by the IRS."}
{"3700": "\n\nTo begin with, it is important to note that the chart you viewed is not suitable for assessing long-term trends. The vertical axis employs a linear scale, which means that each unit is represented by the same amount of space. This creates a visual distortion because the crucial information on the chart is \"how much is the value increasing or decreasing?\" and the extent of change is determined by the value of the investment at that moment. For instance, if you purchase something for $10 and its price changes by $1, that represents a significant shift of 10%. However, if you buy something for $1000 and its price changes by $1, it is minor - only 0.1%. The issue in this chart is that 100 Dow points occupy the same space, regardless of whether the Dow is at 870 or 10800. To get a better understanding of the market volatility, you need to use a logarithmic (log) scale, which can be accessed via Google. \nBy using a log scale, we can see that the market's volatility has appeared much less extreme in recent years. While the drop from 2006-2009 was the largest fall in recent years, and volatility may be slightly higher overall, it is not as severe as it may appear on the linear chart. However, the drops in 1974 and 1987 are still significant, as can be seen on the log scale chart."}
{"3701": "\n\nRevised: Initial public offerings (IPOs) are typically priced to experience a surge in value on the day they go public. However, if I were to offer an IPO for my company and the price experienced a significant surge, I would believe that the underwriter undervalued the stock. To prevent this, I would seek an underwriter with a track record of accurately pricing IPOs that traded with little variation on their first day. During the IPO boom of the 1990s, some stocks opened at three times their initial price, disappointing original owners due to inadequate pricing guidance from their underwriters."}
{"3702": "\n\nTo speak to the FTB on behalf of someone else, that person must first submit form 3520. Keep in mind that as a non-professional, this form must be filed on paper (however, CRTP, EA, CPA or attorneys can file online). Once the FTB accepts the form, you can communicate with them on your friend's behalf. Just remember that you will be representing the partnership, not the individual."}
{"3703": "\n\nConsider this example: If the strike price is $200 and the option costs $0.05, the total cost would be $200.05. However, this does not mean that you are paying more for the option, and the option writer is not going to pay you $70 to purchase the contract. When buying options, your downside risk is limited to the premium paid. For example, with a $115 contract, your maximum loss would be $19.3, and with a $130 contract, your maximum loss would be $9.3. The reason for this is that the likelihood of AAPL reaching $130 is lower than AAPL hitting $115, and therefore the option writer offers lower probability contracts at a lower price. Ultimately, the strike price is just a target for the stock or index to reach, and you only pay the premium. As the strike price increases (or decreases in the case of a put option), the premium generally decreases. It is advisable to read up further on pricing from this source."}
{"3704": "\n\nIt is advised to invest a small amount (less than $500 USD) in a diversified stock portfolio. If your return on investment in the stock market is not higher than the interest rates on your loans, it would result in a loss of money. This topic has also been discussed in this context."}
{"3705": "\n\nAlthough I'm late to mention it, adding a defined risk trade can further improve your cost basis. If you're looking to test the waters with less risk capital, this method could be worth considering. Another option is to purchase inexpensive OTM butterflies or finance further OTM options using the basis reduction from the debit spread. This approach lets you take greater risks, allowing you to engage in 15-20 delta positions. Typically, I opt for debit spreads, buying ATM and selling a few OTM or liquid strikes. However, if you're dealing with a high flier, the outcome could be a disappointment, but it's still a sound trade. If you're someone who prefers a contrarian approach to purchasing calls and puts, this method will lower your risk and allow for a calculated wager."}
{"3706": "\n\nHere's my revised version:\n\n\"What do you want to do?\" would be my response. Personally, I believe any amount you're comfortable with is acceptable, even if it's as low as $100. When considering the specifics of investing, paying a $5 commission for a $100 investment may seem unreasonable. However, in the big picture, what's it matter if you're \"wasting\" $5 on a commission? Your friends likely waste more than that multiple times throughout the day, such as with a morning latte. If investing another $5 empowers you, just as a latte empowers them, then go for it. The studies show that the most important aspect of building a significant investment portfolio is actually doing it. The rate of return and cost associated with investing pales in comparison to actually taking the steps to do it. Additionally, how many of your peers are doing something similar? You're probably in rare company, so if it makes you happy, then it's a wonderful way to spend your money."}
{"3707": "\n\nYou are disregarding the fact that the share price is not solely determined by the supply and demand from investors. The company has the power to buy and sell its own shares, which can also affect the share price. If company X is consistently profitable but does not pay dividends, then option 2 is unlikely to be a viable choice, making option 1 the more plausible outcome unless some bizarre event occurs. This situation is related to the commonly known 'dividend paradox', which I have previously elaborated on in a different answer."}
{"3708": "\n\n\nAs user14469 mentioned, you must decide what type of properties you want to invest in. Are you looking for negatively-geared properties that may have higher long-term growth potential, which are typically located within 15 to 20km from major cities? Or do you prefer positive cash-flow properties that may have lower long-term growth potential, usually located more than 20km from major cities? \n\nWith negatively-geared properties, your rental income won't cover the mortgage and other costs, so you'll have to supplement it with your income. The theory behind this approach is that you can claim a tax deduction on your employment income from negative gearing (which benefits those on higher tax brackets), and the potential long-term growth of the property will make up for the negative gearing over the long term. If you prefer this type of investment, Michael Yardney has some books on the subject. \n\nOn the other hand, positive cash-flow properties generate enough rental income to cover the mortgage and other costs, putting cash into your pockets every week. Although they don't have as much growth potential as inner city properties, they can still provide decent long-term growth if you stick to outer regions of major cities rather than rural towns. If you prefer this type of investment, Margaret Lomas has some books on the subject. \n\nPersonally, I prefer cash-flow positive properties in some of the areas mentioned by user14469, such as Penrith and the surrounding areas. However, with negatively-geared properties, you have to supplement the property with your income and wait for the property price to increase to build up equity. This then allows you to refinance the additional equity and use it as a deposit to buy other properties or supplement your income. The problem is that if you go through a period of low, stagnant, or negative growth, you may have to wait several years for your equity to increase substantially. \n\nWith positively-geared properties, you receive a net income from the property every week, so you don't need to supplement it with your income. This allows you to buy more properties sooner, even during a period of low, stagnant, or negative growth, as you're still getting extra income each week. Over the long term, you benefit from both passive income and capital gains. \n\nUser14469 also recommends researching the area/s you're interested in buying in for at least six months. Visit open homes, attend auctions, talk to real estate agents, and get to know the area. This kind of research beats any information you get from websites, books, or magazines. You'll know what a property is worth and how much you can offer below asking price when one comes onto the market. \n\nAnother consideration is when to buy. Many people in Australia are buying now due to record low interest rates (below 5%). This is causing higher demand in the property markets, and prices are rising steadily. However, many buyers might find it hard to afford the property when interest rates rise to 7% or 8%. I personally prefer to buy when interest rates are rising and near their highs. During this time, no one wants to invest in property, but property owners who bought when interest rates were lower may find it hard to keep making repayments and put their properties on the market. This increases supply, causing prices to fall, making it easier to find bargains and negotiate lower prices. Because interest rates will be near or at their highs, the economy will start to slow down, so it won't be long before interest rates begin dropping again. If you can afford to buy a property at 8%, you'll definitely be able to afford it at 6% or lower. Plus, you would have bought near the lows of the price cycle, just before prices start increasing again as interest rates drop. \n\nIn summary, read and learn from others, but make up your own mind on the type of properties and areas you prefer. Choose carefully, considering the type of income you want to generate and long-term growth potential, and conduct thorough research before making any investment decisions."}
{"3709": "\n\nThis phenomenon has been well-documented: a collapse in an economy's exchange rate is often accompanied by a collapse in its equities market. This was observed during the recent economic crises in Turkey and elsewhere in 2014. Inflation rates are closely linked to valuations, and a currency devaluation typically leads to inflation. This explains why a collapse in an exchange rate is so closely tied to a collapse in valuations."}
{"3710": "\n\nRevised: As with ALL investments, it is crucial to only invest in those that you fully comprehend. ETFs offer great versatility and can be suitable for various individuals and their portfolios, so a blanket statement of whether one is good or bad cannot be made for all."}
{"3711": "\n\nTo determine the ratio you desire, simply divide the total debt by the stock's market capitalization, which can be obtained from the link you provided. Market capitalization denotes the equity's market worth."}
{"3712": "\n\nRevised: Take the time to read the informative Forbes article titled \"IRA Adventures\". Although it may not provide in-depth regulations, the article offers valuable cautionary advice. While it may be possible to invest in non-traditional assets using your IRA funds, it is crucial to adhere to specific rules to avoid self-dealing. The custodians who can assist you in setting up the appropriate structure are aware of these regulations buried in the IRS. Additionally, bear in mind that investing in non-traditional assets through your IRA adds another layer of risk, as the investment may be deemed not allowed or self-dealing. Therefore, it is critical to seek proper guidance to ensure you avoid potential pitfalls, regardless of how appealing your investment idea may seem."}
{"3713": "\n\nAccording to FINRA, institutional investors are characterized as banks, savings and loan associations, insurance companies, registered investment companies, registered investment advisors, individuals or entities owning assets of at least $50 million, government bodies, employee benefit plans as well as qualified plans with a minimum of 100 participants, FINRA member firms and registered individuals, and individuals acting solely on behalf of institutional investors. This classification is in accordance with Rules 2210(a)(4) and 4512(c). Institutional investors are presumed to have a sound understanding of market risks, and therefore, their disclosure requirements are relatively less stringent, which could include no SEC filings or prospectus. Source: http://www.finra.org/industry/issues/faq-advertising"}
{"3714": "\n\nIn the past, merchants and their banks only accepted funds in their own currency, such as USD. When a user made a purchase in their local currency, like Shekel in this case, their bank applied the standard exchange rate for individuals, and both the merchant and their bank received the USD. As banking became more advanced, many merchants and banks began offering local currency options to users. This allowed them to accumulate foreign currency, which they could then convert into USD for a profit. While this may result in better exchange rates for users, it can be difficult to determine if the rates offered by the merchant are better than those offered by their own bank. In personal experience, purchasing items with both GBP and local currency showed minimal difference in exchange rates over the course of a year."}
{"3715": "\n\nI believe it's important to distinguish between my freelance income and personal finances. Would opening a new savings or current account be better? Consider your spending needs and if you plan on reinvesting in your business. A current account is best if you need funds for your business expenses. Otherwise, consider a savings account or even term deposits. You could also use both types of accounts.\n\nWhat bank should I choose? I was thinking of SBI since it has many branches and ATMs. If you use online banking mainly, the location of the bank or ATM may not matter much. However, if you are saving a significant amount, look up bank term deposit interest rates. They are usually higher than savings accounts. Consider your needs before deciding.\n\nWhat should I keep in mind while paying myself? The tax implications depend on your freelance setup. Research your specific situation in India. Additionally, reward yourself for your hard work with a reasonable amount. If you want to expand and hire employees later, you will have experience with business expenses.\n\nHow can I manage my business finances better? To ensure success, know your earnings and how much you reinvest in your company. Deduct a reasonable salary and handle the necessary paperwork for tax purposes. It's a broad question, but these steps are essential."}
{"3716": "\n\nAssuming it's in the US, the answer is no. Such expenses are typically considered red flags for audits, and golf club memberships are also not deductible. Additionally, only up to 50% of food expenses can be deducted, and only if they are directly related to business activities. Based on what you've shared, it seems like you might face issues during an audit. Deductibility of dues is based on the club's activities and purposes, not its name. Dues paid to country clubs, golf and athletic clubs, airline clubs, hotel clubs, and clubs that serve meals during business discussions are not deductible."}
{"3717": "\n\nTo ensure clarity, I'll rephrase the content. Here it is:\n\nTo clarify, I'll reiterate the question. Facts: Question: Does this transaction incur taxes? Answer: (Revised to incorporate Eric's recommendations) Generally, no. Typically, it's not taxable until the sale price exceeds the purchase price. However, currency discrepancies may complicate matters, as section 988 regulations may apply. As a result, it could result in ordinary income or losses."}
{"3718": "\n\nThe Euro is a common currency used among various countries in Europe. This arrangement requires individual countries to relinquish control of their traditional sovereign currency to the EU. While the Euro presents several benefits, it can limit a country's ability to manage unique situations. For instance, if the US were part of the EU, the Fed couldn't issue $600B to bolster their economy. However, the potential downside to the Euro is that countries may withdraw their participation to have more control over their economies. If a major country were to withdraw, it could trigger a domino effect leading to more countries doing the same, ultimately making a shared currency less appealing."}
{"3719": "\n\nIs it legally permissible to discuss financial matters with friends and offer them advice? Absolutely. However, managing their money and making decisions on their behalf requires licensure. To avoid giving poor advice, it's best to stick to general recommendations. Sharing a stock tip with a friend has inherent risks, but offering insights on the differences between Mutual Funds and ETFs, along with a discussion of each's expenses, enables the friend to decide for themselves. Dispensing \"fortune cookie\" soundbites like \"sleep on a potential purchase for a week for every $100 of value\" is sound advice without the risk of misinterpretation. While I appreciate the sites you mentioned, one-on-one discussions with friends are beneficial for both parties. Not only can you expand your knowledge, but teaching others can also help hone your skills."}
{"3720": "\n\nIn my opinion, the best response that avoids making the buyer appear foolish is as follows. The buyer had previously sold a covered call but wanted to capitalize on a new opportunity, so they placed a closing buy/write order with a spread just a few cents below the stock's asking price. Unfortunately, the stock price dipped a couple cents before the order could be executed, resulting in a 4-cent resolution for the purchase of options due to a shortage of sellers."}
{"3721": "\n\nWhen dealing with a complicated matter such as this, it is recommended to seek advice from professionals. You have two options: consult an international professional with vast experience who can provide you with the best tax arrangement, even though it may incur a higher cost; or, consult a professional in each respective country who can optimize your tax arrangement for that specific country. As a US citizen, you will be required to pay taxes in the US, and depending on your residency, you may also need to pay taxes in Spain. Double tax agreements are in place to avoid double taxation of the same income. Additionally, there is no need to pay separate 'European' taxes. In cases where you conduct substantial business in a foreign country, you might be required to pay taxes there, but your professional advisors should be able to address these concerns."}
{"3722": "\n\nThe delay in receiving a refund is caused by the merchant's policy. To protect themselves from potential fraud, merchants require payment upfront and need to verify the condition of any returned items before issuing a refund. Once the refund is processed, there is no way for them to recover any losses if there were any issues or fraudulent activity. Therefore, they take time to thoroughly inspect returned items to ensure that the refund is legitimate and minimize any potential risks."}
{"3723": "\n\nIt is advisable to seek legal counsel for this matter. In cases where the owner was a corporation/LLC that is now officially dissolved, you can submit proof of dissolution from your State's department of State/Corporations to demonstrate that their request is not feasible. However, if the owner was a sole proprietor, it may prove challenging as you will need to locate them and have them terminate the plan."}
{"3724": "\n\nYou don't need a 5% sudden drop in price to trigger your order. With trailing aspect, your sell trigger price will keep adjusting as the current value increases (and never decrease)."}
{"3725": "\n\nThere are various reasons why you may view it as null and void. It's possible that an error occurred and the business failed to process the transaction correctly, or it simply might not have gone through. There's also a chance that the transaction could still resurface at a later time, as evidenced by a case where an account was overdrawn due to a forgotten debit card charge that emerged months later. Although the link to that story cannot be located at this time, it serves as a reminder that such scenarios are not entirely uncommon."}
{"3726": "\n\nIn summary, the answer is no - there is little you can do when co-signing for someone has negative impacts on your credit score. The lender only approved the loan based on your brother's creditworthiness rather than your mother's, so his credit rating will suffer as a result of her actions. However, there is an option to add a comment or explanation to your credit report, which may be beneficial if potential creditors read it, although this is not a guarantee. It is worth exploring, so suggest to your brother to research further. This link provides an explanation of how to add comments and the consequences of doing so: Adding a comment to your credit file for negative items. I hope this advice proves helpful. Best of luck!"}
{"3727": "\n\nRevised: A house that sells for $200,000 can vary in its monthly rent prices. A 3% rent fee would equal $6,000 annually or $500 per month, which is quite low and may make renting a more favorable choice over buying. However, a 9% rent fee equates to $1,500 monthly and makes purchasing the house to live in or rent out a better choice. In this case, \"paying rent\" should be avoided. It's important to note that the author's view is being conveyed here and not advocated by the writer. The author's quote suggests that an annual rent/purchase price ratio of 3% means that buying should be avoided due to high prices, while a ratio of 6% is borderline and 9% indicates reasonable prices for buying. \n\nChuck's comment is also addressed by discussing how mortgage rates for qualified applicants are generally tight, with an average of 4.4% for the 30-year and 3.45% for 15-year mortgages. However, factors such as location will determine the rent and purchase price that one may have to pay. The article provides an example of how the ratio of home price to the annual rent can differ depending on the area, and also mentions that the decision to buy versus rent is a personal one. The author's approach is debatable as it suggests low rates indicate that the price of the house is too high, whereas the US has already had a housing market crash, and low rates can be favorable for buyers. The analysis is similar for investors as a rent fee exceeding 1% of the home price can result in a profit after expenses."}
{"3728": "\n\nRevised:\n\nA company's Return on Equity (ROE) is calculated by dividing its net income by shareholder's equity, which is the difference between total assets and total liabilities. The ROE exceeding 100% occurs when the income exceeds equity, which might be due to various reasons. However, one way to achieve a high ROE is when the shareholder's equity is small, which could result from past losses eroding the company's capital. When the equity depreciates, the income in a given period might exceed it, resulting in ROE over 100%. In contrast, operating margin is not closely associated with ROE. The calculation of operating margin involves dividing operating income by sales, which bears no relation to shareholder's equity. Consequently, there is no anticipated relationship between operating margin and ROE. Operating margin primarily relies on market conditions and can vary substantially across various industries."}
{"3729": "\n\nThe policy dissuades individuals from acquiring a high-limit card merely for the sake of flaunting it, as the bank compels them to utilize it or risk forfeiture."}
{"3730": "\n\nI am skeptical about that. In the United States, you would only be required to pay taxes if you sell an item at a profit. \"garage sales\" are typically exempt from taxes since they commonly involve household items, and the sale is primarily to declutter one's storage space rather than to generate profit. Additionally, if I purchase a book and sell it for the same amount, I do not owe any taxes. Therefore, it does not make sense to pay taxes if I sell at a loss."}
{"3731": "\n\nYou cited the IRS definition of a gift, which includes the phrase \"full consideration ... received in return.\" However, if your friend's assistance is not dependent on your financial offer (which I believe is the case in all of your examples), then it should not be considered a form of compensation in exchange for your money, correct?"}
{"3732": "\n\nConsider the following guidelines to assist you in determining which types of products are worth investing in:"}
{"3733": "\n\nRevised: Brokers typically charge transaction fees in addition to fund management fees, but they should be upfront and transparent about these costs. The brokering industry is highly competitive, so brokers who try to sneak in hidden fees are likely to lose business to others who offer equivalent services without additional charges. Hedge funds, on the other hand, operate under less regulation, transparency, and competition. While investors tolerate higher fees in exchange for leveraged returns, market downturns may prompt them to seek alternatives with lower costs."}
{"3734": "\n\nTo access extensive mutual fund NAV and dividend data, consider utilizing the Nasdaq Mutual Fund Quotation Service (MFQS) to go upstream. This service is available as a part of regulatory guidelines and is designed to promote market transparency. Note that there is a fee for accessing this information. The MFQS can collect and provide up-to-date price, dividends, and capital distribution data regularly for mutual funds, money market funds, unit investment trusts (UITs), annuities, and structured products."}
{"3735": "\n\nGiven the current state of economic turmoil worldwide, it is advisable to invest $100k in physical gold, either in bars or coins. This is due to the upward trend of gold for more than a century, as shown in long-term charts available at http://www.goldbuyguide.com/price/. For a more high-risk/high-reward investment, one could consider buying $100k worth of physical silver, which has a similar track record and inherent benefits as gold but with the potential of being even more bullish because of better liquidity and industrial demand. Apart from this, other commodities like oil and agriculture could also be worth considering. During challenging times such as these, it is prudent to invest in tangible items such as commodities or companies that produce essential materials."}
{"3736": "\n\nMany companies offer their employees share options as part of their compensation, especially in the tech industry, such as Atlassian. A share option grants the right to purchase a share in the company at a predetermined \"strike price\" defined when the option is issued. Usually, these options \"vest\" after 1-4 years if the employee remains with the organization. Once vested, employees can exercise the option by paying the strike price, usually when the shares have increased in value. The payment made to exercise the option is paid to the company and is included in the $2.3 million mentioned in the question."}
{"3737": "\n\nI am representing an Indian company that operates in Israel. As their agent, I am entitled to receive a commission on their sales. The Indian company has advised that any commission paid to me will be subject to a TDS at a rate of 20.9% of the commission amount. The tax will be paid, and a Tax Paid Certificate will be provided to me. Under the Bilateral Double Tax Avoidance Treaty, if the tax has already been deducted in India, I can claim a credit for this tax in Israel. As an Israeli citizen, I am happy to assist in providing any further information or clarification if required."}
{"3738": "\n\nAccording to my understanding, if the borrower provides a 20% down payment, and the bank contributes 80%, they both become joint owners of the property as tenants in common, with a 20%-80% split. The borrower moves into the home and pays the bank 80% of the monthly rental value, which is determined as a percentage of the purchase cost. For instance, assuming the monthly fair rental value is 0.5% of the purchase value, the borrower would pay 0.4% to the bank monthly. The borrower may choose to pay more than this minimum amount or make a lump sum payment, thereby increasing their stake in the property and reducing future monthly payments.\n\nUpon selling the property, the sale price is distributed between the borrower and the bank based on their ownership percentage at the time of sale. Therefore, the bank shares in any profits, and if the property sells for less than the original purchase price, the bank also bears part of the loss.\n\nIt is unclear how other homeownership expenses such as insurance, taxes, repairs, and improvements will be handled or how the loan will be treated on Schedule A if it's made to a US taxpayer. Nonetheless, it's essential to note that the bank doesn't get back more than its initial investment and any additional payments made by the borrower, regardless of the final sale amount. This means there's an incentive for the borrower to pay off the loan early."}
{"3739": "\n\nRewritten: Patience appears to be necessary to reap the rewards from this security. There are signs that the 200-day moving average will soon surpass the 20-day moving average, indicating a potential bull run. However, this is mere speculation. As previously mentioned, attempting to profit through \"buy low, sell high\" has around a 25% success rate. It might be wiser to invest in a fund that pays dividends and reinvest them, such as Invesco PowerShares Financial Preferred Portfolio. Additional information and charts can be found at http://www.dividend.com/dividend-stocks/uncategorized/other/pgf-invesco-powershares-financial-preferred-portfolio/ and http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=PGF&p=D&yr=1&mn=6&dy=0&id=p59773821284."}
{"3740": "\n\nThe specific answers to your question vary depending on several factors such as your intended use, initial investment, and local market conditions. However, conducting a little online research or consulting with a professional general contractor can provide you with a list of common renovations and their expected return on investment. Generally, only a few renovations can offer a return that exceeds the initial investment, with approximately 85% being a great outcome. Nonetheless, home improvements such as air sealing, attic insulation, and solar panels - especially in locations with subsidies or other incentives - can provide a faster return on investment. Ultimately, the best course of action is to assess what improvements would enhance the quality of life for you and your family and what price you are willing to pay for such upgrades. Once you have compiled a list of renovations, it is recommended to prioritize them by their cost and potential impact on your enjoyment of the property. Additionally, it would be wise to undertake certain renovations in a specific order and timing. For example, getting your roofing redone before installing solar panels can save you a considerable amount of money. For more detailed advice, it would be best to consult the Home Improvement section of Stack Exchange."}
{"3741": "\n\nIn general, there is no such requirement. However, if your employer enforces it, you should inquire at the HR/payroll department. In my experience, the match is typically not tied to the timing of your contributions, but rather the amount."}
{"3742": "\n\nAlthough digital records are acceptable, maintaining good record-keeping practices is crucial. It is important to be consistent in your approach."}
{"3743": "\n\nThe impact of interest rate fluctuations on your financial situation over the next year may outweigh any benefits gained from improving your credit score through this loan. It is important to consider whether the loan will significantly impact your credit score or just broaden your accounts. Applying for the car loan will cause a brief decrease in your score due to a hard inquiry, but the overall impact is difficult to predict. However, minor fluctuations in your score will likely not affect your interest rate. Additionally, your credit score can vary by as much as 30 points across different lenders and changes daily. \n\nAcquiring a car loan, assuming it is still active during your home buying process, will not greatly affect your ability to afford a mortgage. Banks mainly consider two factors in assessing monthly payments: the amount of your mortgage including insurance, taxes, interest, and any other debts such as credit card or school loan payments. The PITI number should be between 28% to 33% of your monthly income, and other payments should not exceed 10%. If the car loan payments don't exceed the 10% threshold, your mortgage affordability will remain unchanged. If the car loan payments exceed this limit, the bank will require a smaller percentage of your income to go towards PITI. Buying a car before applying for a mortgage can delay the loan process, as it affects the numbers used to evaluate your financial situation.\n\nThe most crucial factor in obtaining a loan is the down payment. Even if you pay cash for the car, highly consider holding onto savings to attain a down payment of 20%. Do not deplete your savings just to reach a 50% down payment level. Keep funds for closing costs, moving expenses, furniture, and emergency situations. Provide evidence that you can easily cover the 20% level and are willing to go above and beyond to make the loan work."}
{"3744": "\n\nHow can a person with only $100 improve their financial situation? The answer is not much, unless they invest in a high-risk venture that may yield huge returns. A more realistic option is to cut back on small expenses like coffee, cigarettes, and partying, and save $100 each week. This will enable the person to accumulate enough money to use as a deposit on an asset that appreciates over time. Property is a good choice for investment, but one must take out a loan and establish an interest-only repayment scheme with an offset account to reinvest distributions from shares or rental income. This strategy will help accumulate cash that offsets the loan until the asset is worth more than the loan, and equity can be liberated. Following this approach, one can use the equity to pay off other loans and amass a growing portfolio of property assets that provide ample passive income for retirement. The key lesson is that debt is a valuable tool when used wisely to purchase appreciating assets, and time is essential to research investments and avoid rash decisions."}
{"3745": "\n\nYou are the one lending yourself the shares to sell. You purchase the stock at the current market price and subsequently sell it at the strike price of the option to the put seller when you exercise the option."}
{"3746": "\n\nThe paragraph preceding on page 115 explains that scaling involves assigning a weight to the long and short legs that differs from one and fluctuates over time. Despite this, the strategy remains self-financing. This means that one side (either long or short) is given a higher weight than the other, leading to an unequal distribution of positions. You have referred to this weight as a number between 0.2 and 2."}
{"3747": "\n\nHaving a loan always carries some level of risk, and in my opinion, it is usually best to pay off the loan as soon as possible. JoeTaxpayer makes a valid point that with certain numbers, such as those related to a home asset, having a loan may be acceptable. However, it should be noted that this assumes a fixed interest rate. If the interest rate is variable, it is recommended to pay off the loan. The same applies to student loans, which should also be paid off as soon as feasible. Furthermore, if a loan can be retired quickly, it is beneficial to do so and remove the burden of paying the bank. Finally, consumer debt is best paid off promptly."}
{"3748": "\n\nRevised: Personally, I don't believe the risk is worth it, no matter what level of profit is involved. Let's say you take on $10,000,000 using the ratios you provided and make a 2% return. That's a profit of only $200,000, which is definitely not worth it. Even if you were to aim for a higher profit margin of 20%, which would yield $2,000,000, the risk of being $10 million in debt is simply too great. It would be far too easy to make a mistake and wipe out all of your gains in the blink of an eye."}
{"3749": "\n\nFirstly, let me clarify if you are a resident in the UK for tax purposes. Once we establish this, I recommend following two steps: \n\n1. Allocate \u00a32000 towards a cash ISA as an emergency fund. \n2. Invest in 2 or 3 of the prominent generalist Investment trusts, known for their long track record and low charges. Unless you are a higher rate taxpayer, avoid buying shares within the ISA as it may not be worth it. As an alternative, you could consider FTSE 100 tracker ETF's or iShares instead of the Investment Trusts."}
{"3750": "\n\nI have successfully rented out rooms in my home for over seven years now. Renting to non-family members has generally worked well, and occasionally, I have had to ask someone to leave if they were not working out. In the USA, formalizing rental agreements allows for a great business with many deductions that can significantly reduce your net income. However, it is important to note that US laws distinguish between renting to family members and non-family members, particularly in terms of paying full-market rent for a room. Subsidizing a family member's rent may disqualify your property from being legitimately rented, making it ineligible for tax deductions.\n\nAnother potential risk, primarily in the USA, is the possibility of a long-term relationship falling under common-law marriage rules, which is rare unless children are involved.  A couple with children, regardless of whether they are married, may involve the courts in dividing assets and ensuring that the children have adequate housing and financial support. In the UK, the laws likely follow a similar pattern, and for a more detailed review, you can visit this website: https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/family/living-together-marriage-and-civil-partnership/living-together-and-marriage-legal-differences/"}
{"3751": "\n\nThe 2-month extension is granted automatically. You simply need to attach a statement to your return explaining which of the two situations listed earlier qualified you for the extension, as Pete Becker mentioned in the comments. According to IRS pub 54, for the \"regular\" 6-month extension, you can file the Form 4868 to request an extension if you cannot make it by the June deadline. The automatic 6-month extension is granted upon request, but it only extends the time to file, not to pay. To get this automatic extension, you must file a paper Form 4868 or use IRS e-file. Keep in mind that the due date is still April 15th (18th this year), so the 6-month extension pushes it back to October. \n\nIf you cannot file your return within the automatic 2-month extension period, you can get an additional 4 months to file your return, for a total of 6 months. The 2-month period and the 6-month period start at the same time. You must request the additional 4 months by the new due date allowed by the 2-month extension. It is possible to ask for an additional 2 months extension to push it further to December; however, this is no longer automatic. You can find more information in the publication. Please note that these extensions are for filing only, not for paying. \n\nTo avoid the penalty, you are expected to submit a payment that will cover your tax liability (at least in the ballpark). The interest rate is low (less than 1% right now), but there is a penalty which may be pretty substantial if you do not pay enough by the due date. There are \"safe harbor\" rules that you can follow to avoid the penalty. Please refer to IRS tax topic 301 for more information."}
{"3752": "\n\nGifts to your business can be depreciated, but you must follow the special rules outlined in \u00a7 1011 and Regulation \u00a7 1.1011\u20131 and 1.167(g)\u20131. Keep in mind that this type of property is considered dual basis, which means that the gain/loss basis will be different when you sell the item. The adjusted basis of the donor applies to gains, while the fair market value on the date received applies to losses. Additionally, be sure to factor in any applicable depreciation in both cases."}
{"3753": "\n\nAccording to the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA), there are rules governing when and where debt collectors can contact consumer debtors, including limits on contacting an individual's employer. If a bank is calling your employer, it may be violating the FDCPA. Check out http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/a-debt-collector-calling-me-work-is-allowed.html for further information."}
{"3754": "\n\nIt varies depending on the manufacturer, dealer, and time of year, but generally, you can receive a discount, sometimes significant, on brand new models from the previous year. Ultimately, it comes down to supply and demand. For instance, I recall browsing in April of 2016 when the 2017 model had recently been released (though that timing seemed early for the next year's release and perhaps was a marketing strategy). Although the 2017 model was only $100 more than the 2016 model (which I was considering), the 2016 model had a sticker price $3,000 below the manufacturer's suggested retail price (MSRP). Meanwhile, the 2017 model was selling for exactly its MSRP since the dealer only had two units in stock."}
{"3755": "\n\nChecks are typically assigned sequential numbers to ensure their uniqueness for record-keeping purposes. The length of the check number depends on the duration of the account and the number of checks that have been written. While the most recent check I examined had a four-digit number, it is possible for businesses to exceed thousands of checks per year. Storing the check number in an unsigned long or long-long is recommended, as it is likely to be compatible with the bank's limits. However, it is unclear whether there is an explicit maximum value for check numbers, and expert knowledge of banking standards would be necessary to evaluate this."}
{"3756": "\n\nAs a nonresident alien, you are not eligible to deduct sales tax. Only state income tax can be deducted as per the 1040NR Schedule A, which does not provide for deductions on sales tax, unlike in the case of the 1040 Schedule A. If, however, you are a resident alien, you can claim sales tax as a tax deduction."}
{"3757": "\n\nMost of what Pete B said is accurate. Unfortunately, closing costs are mostly outside your control. The government fees and taxes are mandatory and not negotiable. The lender requires title and fire insurance which you should not skip, even if paying cash. Title insurance protects you from any legal issues with the ownership of the property. You can shop around for better insurance deals but the fees are generally not significant. The realtor fee can be split between the buyer and seller, but you can avoid it entirely if neither party has a realtor. While discounts and timing the closing date can reduce what you owe at closing, they don't save you money in the long run. While you could skip inspection, the costs are generally small compared to potential issues you may discover. You only have limited control over closing costs. You can shop around for fire insurance and try to avoid using a realtor, but most costs are mandatory."}
{"3758": "\n\nThe correlation between GDP growth and stock market performance is not as tight as one would expect. While GDP measures an economy's growth and stock market is driven by company profits, investor mentality heavily influences the stock market, causing it to be more volatile than GDP ever can be. The 2001 bubble and 2008 panic sell-off serve as famous examples of this. Emerging markets are particularly prone to overly optimistic buying and overly pessimistic selling due to changing politics. Furthermore, GDP measurements are done after the fact, meaning the growth that is reported has already happened, whereas the stock market may have already priced in the growth. Governments and companies in emerging markets also have a reputation for poor governance, which can make investors skeptical of growth opportunities. It is worth noting that despite a rough decade, emerging markets have returned an annualized return of 9% if held since 2001."}
{"3759": "\n\nThe ideal down payment is 0% only if the interest rate on the car loan is also 0%. However, as the interest rate increases, it becomes more advantageous to pay for the car in full. This decision is typically binary, meaning that based on the interest rate, you should either make a 0% down payment or pay in full. Determining the best option depends on several factors. If you can invest the amount of the down payment at a higher rate of return than the interest rate on the car loan, a 0% down payment is optimal. Inflation is another factor that could influence the decision. By combining the inflation rate with the rate of return on investments, you can determine the tipping point for making a down payment. If the interest rate on the car loan is less than the combined inflation rate and the return on investments, a lower down payment is preferable. However, it is important to ensure that you invest the money as planned. Another reason for minimizing the down payment would be if you have outstanding loans with a higher interest rate than the car loan. In this case, pay off the higher interest loans before making a down payment on the car. Some dealers may offer cash back incentives for paying for the car in full. If this option is available, it is important to compare the benefits of paying in full versus carrying a loan. To ensure the best possible deal, negotiate the price of the car before revealing how you plan to pay for it."}
{"3760": "\n\nWhile it may have been more common in the past, women still oftentimes played a secondary role in managing household finances, leaving the responsibility to their spouse. This left many women in a vulnerable position should their husband pass away. Despite claims to the contrary, there are inherent differences between the ways in which men and women approach problem-solving and risk assessment. A financial advisor who recognizes and appreciates these differences and takes the time to truly listen to their clients, irrespective of gender, will ultimately be able to offer more effective and beneficial guidance."}
{"3761": "\n\nOffsetting taxable gains means that the amount of $25 million can be deducted from another sum that the company would have to pay tax on. For example, if the company made a profit of $100 million from other investments, they would have to pay corporation tax on that amount before distributing it as a cash dividend to shareholders. However, if they can offset the $25 million, they would only need to pay tax on $75 million. This is standard practice as tax is usually paid on the aggregate of gains and losses. If corporation tax is approximately 32%, the claimed saving would be around $8 million. The Plaintiffs may be seeking to sell the stock on the market to achieve this tax saving, as they may not see the same effect by distributing it directly. It is unclear whether the Plaintiffs are correct in their approach, but there could be a difference in the treatment of the stock as a \"realized loss\" if it is sold versus distributed. Additionally, if the loss is not realized when distributed, the shareholders' \"cost basis\" could be the original purchase price of the stock, which could provide a tax advantage. However, this is all speculative."}
{"3762": "\n\nThere isn't a one-size-fits-all response, as it would depend on the individual circumstance. CSDs are constructed on a robust foundation, typically with a low-cost base, and are not likely to go bankrupt. However, if a scenario arises where a CSD is providing an essential role, regulators, central banks, and governments would intervene to prevent a complete collapse. The CSD may be pressured to merge with another entity, raise additional capital, or be placed under the supervision of a government-appointed trustee to resolve any issues with minimal impact."}
{"3763": "\n\nI'm not a legal expert, but it appears to be indemnification language. The language indicates that the option to charge expenses to participants exists, but it needs to explicitly state who the \"default payer\" is. Unexpected expenses could be anything outside of normal business expenses, including plan document restatements or admin expenses from plan failures/corrections. Some of our PFDs have language stating that, in the absence of revenue-sharing, participants may have a higher share of expenses. Additionally, \"from participant accounts\" means they have the authority to deduct from a participant's 401k account."}
{"3764": "\n\nAs an investment advisor, I always remind my clients of the importance of staying true to their investment goals. It's crucial to develop a plan and stick to it. By finding the right strategy and perfecting it, you can increase your chances of turning a profit. It's important to remember that a profit isn't truly a profit until you actually sell, just as a loss isn't realized until you sell for less than you paid. Rather than jumping from one market to the next, I recommend finding a strategy that works for you and sticking with it. Making money in the stock market can be easy if you perfect your trading strategy.\n\nRegarding precious metals, it's important to pay attention to trends and timeframes before buying or selling. As with foreign investments, it's important to remember that economies around the world experience problems just like the U.S. does. If you have a specialist who can guide you, that's great.\n\nIn terms of bonds and CDs, I don't necessarily view them as investments. I see them more as a way to park your cash. With the current state of the U.S. dollar and inflation hurting returns even on the best bonds, I see little value in them at the moment. There are many ways to safely and conveniently make money in the U.S. stock market, so why look elsewhere?\n\nFor me, I love Dividend Capturing and Dividend Stocks. Many of these companies have been paying out dividends for decades, with some increasing their payouts to investors since the Kennedy administration."}
{"3765": "\n\nUnder Section 80D, deduction for a health checkup is permitted to all, irrespective of whether they are salaried or belong to the business/professional category. It should be noted that exemption for medical reimbursement of up to Rs. 15,000 is allowed under a disparate section. Therefore, salaried employees can avail the benefits of both medical reimbursement up to Rs. 15,000, and preventable health checkups that cost up to Rs. 5,000. Source: Tax Deduction for Health Check-up."}
{"3766": "\n\nDetermining the \"appropriate\" amount of cash and bonds to hold is a subjective matter, but owning them can offer several benefits. Cash and liquid bonds are easily accessible without incurring losses. Laddering bonds enables maximum liquidity by obtaining various bond amounts with distinctive maturity dates, which can be renewed periodically to avoid paying an interest penalty. The low-risk nature of cash and bonds is advantageous, especially during market crashes or other adverse events when having no low-risk assets results in no savings to fall back on. A diversified portfolio containing bonds and equities allows for a modest return while managing risks. However, some bonds may be equally risky as equities, and any bond offering excessively high-interest rates might indicate a questionable repayment entity. While the author suggests a 25% mix of cash/bonds to equities, personal finance \"rule of thumb\" should not be taken as absolute and is subjective. Additional research can be conducted to understand different views on the matter in more detail."}
{"3767": "\n\nAs the unsuccessful transaction was a consequence of a decision made by the Indian government, rather than an error on the part of your bank, it is unfair to expect your bank to bear the cost of the transaction. After all, your bank charged a fee for a service that you voluntarily agreed to pay for. Nevertheless, it may be possible to negotiate a partial or full refund. In fact, I have successfully negotiated such refunds in the past with my own bank, in cases where I felt that certain fees were not justified. Whether or not your bank agrees to a refund will depend on how much they value your business. If your account is otherwise profitable, they may be willing to accommodate your request."}
{"3768": "\n\nTo improve the clarity and readability of the passage, the following revisions have been made:\n\nIf you're able to locate a loan with lower interest rates, refinancing your car can lower the amount of total interest you'll pay. Alternatively, if your loan allows for it (not all do), you can make additional payments to lower the principal of the loan, decreasing both the amount and duration of the loan and potentially reducing the total interest paid. However, this may require you to pay an additional sum up front or increase your monthly payments. Returning the car is not an option; a new car's value depreciates drastically the moment it's driven off the dealer's lot, making it unsellable for its original price. Even selling it as a recent model used car will result in a net loss. It's better to keep the car and refinance or pay it off instead. Remember to carefully read and understand all paperwork before signing in the future. If you realize you've made a mistake within three days of purchasing, you might be able to cancel the contract under \"cooling down period\" laws, depending on the policies in your area. Waiting a month or longer makes this option unavailable."}
{"3769": "\n\nWhile this text touches on misconceptions related to personal finance, there are several points that could benefit from clarification. The concept of \"pass-through\" insurance is misleading; what is actually being described is a self-funded plan. In a self-funded arrangement, an employer contracts a third-party-administrator (TPA) to use its provider network for medical claims processing and the like. Additionally, each plan participant typically has stop-loss insurance coverage, which provides coverage up to a certain dollar amount. Employers are responsible for covering costs that fall between the plan deductible and the stop-loss coverage, assuming the stop-loss benefit does not have a maximum. \n\nWhile it is true that a very small percentage of individual claims will account for most of the costs in a given plan, these costs generally arise from unforeseen and serious conditions like cancer rather than chronic issues like diabetes medication. \n\nIt is important to note that employer insurance can fall into four categories: small group, mid-market, large-group, and self-funded. Small-group insurance is tightly regulated, and premiums are filed with a state authority with no room for negotiation. Employers have no access to employee-specific medical or claim information. Mid-market insurance is pooled, meaning overall pool performance can impact premiums. Employers may receive limited claims data but no employee-specific information. Large-group insurance is usually unpooled, and carriers may offload some risk to a stop-loss carrier. Employers receive more claims insight than with mid-market insurance but still no employee names. Self-funded insurance is self-contained, with employers setting up an account to handle claims payment. Employee ID cards may have the carrier logo, but the TPA handles claims processing. Benefits committees of a few people generally have insight into claims and stop-loss activity. \n\nThere are also partially self-funded arrangements with a low-threshold stop-loss program, intended to help mid-market employers reduce medical spending. It is incorrect to assume that employers screen for health deficiencies as part of the hiring process. Hiring managers are not instructed to do so by law, and lawsuits from potential discrimination issues could cost more than $50,000 per year. Moreover, severe childbirth can run up costs of $250,000 or more; would these companies not hire women? Similarly, a diagnosis like leukemia could produce $1,000,000 or more in costs. \n\nWhile this text provides a useful overview, it is important to note that hiring managers do not have insight into specific claims-related information, nor is any medical information requested on a resume. It may also be possible to fine-tune certain points or areas of emphasis, but overall the text provides a broad picture of the self-insured employer benefit landscape."}
{"3770": "\n\nRevised: Obtaining a term life insurance policy as a healthy 30-year-old individual is considerably more affordable than for someone who is 40 and beginning to experience health issues. It is essential to ensure this coverage if one has a spouse and children. Therefore, securing a long-term policy now while it is cost-effective is advisable."}
{"3771": "\n\nOne option to consider is registering with an online broker, many of which offer free memberships and only require funding when placing trades. Additionally, it may be beneficial to explore the websites of companies you are interested in, as they often provide both current and historical financial data. For example, for BHP, a PDF file of past dividends dating back to 1984 can be accessed via the link on this webpage."}
{"3772": "\n\nTo start managing your finances, it is important to first track all of your expenses, take stock of your assets and liabilities, and set financial goals. This includes identifying your average monthly expenses, knowing the interest rates of your loans, and understanding what you are saving for. It is also crucial to have an emergency fund in place, which should ideally cover 4 to 6 months of expenses and be based on your actual expenses rather than your income. As your circumstances change, such as having children, your emergency fund should be adjusted accordingly.\n\nOnce you have established your emergency fund, you can focus on paying off high-interest loans first. This strategy is mathematically the most effective in the long term, as you will save money on interest payments. However, it is important to research and make informed decisions about paying off loans with low interest rates, such as a mortgage.\n\nAfter paying off high-interest loans, you can consider investing in vehicles that align with your financial goals. For instance, if you plan on having children in the next five years, you may want to invest in a college education fund. In this case, it is wise to opt for investments that have low risk and are accessible after a certain period of time, such as bonds or deposits.\n\nThese are just a few basic tips to help you manage your personal finance. It is recommended to do further research and even read a book on the topic to fully understand the ins and outs of managing your finances."}
{"3773": "\n\nAssuming the father had no involvement in the business, the creditors will be unable to pursue his estate. However, the estate will eventually be apportioned, and any funds or assets that your husband acquires will be vulnerable. It is crucial to note that this has nothing to do with your husband's position as executor or co-executor of the estate. This does not contradict zeta-band's earlier response, which pertains to the estate prior to its partition. I am merely emphasizing that concerns may arise after the estate has been divided."}
{"3774": "\n\nAccording to Victor, you are required to pay taxes on your net profit. If this income is substantial, it is advisable to file quarterly estimated tax payments to avoid penalties at the end of the year."}
{"3775": "\n\nThe etoro website explains that in the financial trading industry, rollover refers to the interest paid or earned for holding currency overnight. Since each currency has an associated interest rate, every trade involving currency pairs involves two different rates. If the interest rate of the currency you bought is lower than the interest rate of the currency you sold, you will be charged with rollover fees. Conversely, if the interest rate of the currency you bought is higher than the interest rate of the currency/commodity you sold, you will receive rollover fees. Please refer to http://www.etoro.com/blog/product-updates/05062014/important-upcoming-change-fee-structure/ for further information."}
{"3776": "\n\n\n\n\nThe risk of put versus call assignment is actually reversed. In-the-money calls are more likely to be exercised early than puts. This is because exercising a call allows the option holder to buy shares at a price below the market price and then sell them immediately at a higher price, thereby locking in a profit. When there are dividends due, the risk becomes even higher. On the other hand, exercising an in-the-money put results in a loss for the holder, which makes it less common."}
{"3777": "\n\nThe ITR-4 form is suitable for incorporated businesses. However, if you are a freelancer, you can use the ITR-2 form and report your freelance income as \"income from other sources.\" To learn more, visit the Income Tax website for detailed information."}
{"3778": "\n\nA debt is incurred when services are rendered, or goods are sold to you. The bill serves as a record of the debt and serves as an alert to remind you of it."}
{"3779": "Am I missing something? The rate of 8.53% is simply an illustration and there is no guarantee that it will be applicable. My annual premium is Rs. 26,289, but I will save Rs. 7,887 on taxes, making the net premium Rs. 18,402. Alternatively, consider investing even less than the premium amount into an Equity Term Deposit with tax benefits and a lock-in period of 6 years. Your returns are likely to be much better than those from LIC."}
{"3780": "\n\nIf you plan on living in the house for an extended period of time, a regular mortgage will likely suffice. It is important to compare and consider different mortgage programs that will best suit your needs. Start by researching local banks and credit unions, particularly those with community development programs. Keep in mind that investment mortgages often come with higher rates, payments and stricter underwriting standards."}
{"3781": "\n\nRevised: Utilizing confidential internal information about a corporation and using this information to engage in securities trading before it becomes public knowledge is commonly practiced in derivatives trading to maximize returns on investments. However, it is important to note that this is illegal in all exchanges."}
{"3782": "\n\nAlthough it has been the norm for a considerable period, my credit union still applies all excess payments directly to the principal\u2014a practice that may seem common. However, I must admit that there could be a profit motive behind their decision not to apply excess payments to principal unless instructed explicitly. The creditor benefits from receiving the money in advance and keeping it out of the principal, as accrued interest isn't reduced until the principal does. Therefore, it's best to approach all creditors with the expectation that they may be adversarial in their dealings with you, even if it's only in a passive-aggressive manner."}
{"3783": "\n\nInstead of using a loan, it's advisable to invest through a capital contribution. This method isn't taxable, doesn't accrue interest and you can receive a distribution once the business has the funds to repay you. Therefore, it's recommended to transfer the money. In case you use accounting software such as Quickbooks, ensure to create separate accounts to track the contribution."}
{"3784": "\n\nThe term \"priced in\" indicates that the speaker believes that the current price has already accounted for a certain factor. For instance, when a dividend is released, the difference in price just before and just after the release usually matches the dividend amount. This is because the fact that the dividend would affect the purchase price was already factored into the earlier quote, and the absence of the dividend for another year was accounted for in the later quote. This rule can be extended to any probable or anticipated event if the price seems to reflect the associated risk or opportunity. Essentially, \"priced in\" means that, in the speaker's view, the given circumstance does not present an opportunity that one can capitalize on."}
{"3785": "\n\nAfter providing an individual with a sum of money, send them the appropriate form and file it as a business expense on Schedule C."}
{"3786": "\n\nA great resource for gathering data on a particular industry or market sector is the IBISworld reports, which can be accessed through their website. These reports cover a wide range of major US sectors and include both historical data and financial ratios. When working on college projects, they proved to be highly valuable in providing benchmark data for comparing individual businesses against their respective industries."}
{"3787": "\n\nRevised: Understanding Your Tax Liability in the US and India\n\nBefore determining your tax liability in the US, it is important to identify whether you are a resident or non-resident alien. Resident aliens are taxed the same as US citizens, with an approximate tax rate of 25% for an annual remuneration as indicated in the tax brackets provided by http://www.moneychimp.com/features/tax_brackets.htm. The determination of your residency status depends on your period of stay in the US, with an exemption for non-resident aliens whose tax home is outside the US, such as India. To establish your residency category, refer to http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc851.html, taking note that if you are assessed as a resident alien, even your Indian income will be taxed in the US unless you declare that there is no income in India.\n\nMeanwhile, your tax liability in India depends on your non-resident Indian (NRI) status, which is also linked to your duration of stay in the country. To be considered an NRI, you must be absent from India for at least 183 days in a financial year. Only Indian residents are obligated to pay taxes on their entire income, with the possibility of being taxed in both India and the US if you are classified as a citizen of both nations. It is important to note that India and the US do not have a dual tax avoidance treaty for individuals, except for certain categories like small businesses or specific professions like teachers and researchers."}
{"3788": "\n\nExposure refers to the potential loss one may face on a given position, portfolio, strategy or counterparty, usually represented as a percentage of total assets. Interbank exposure denotes the risk that banks face while dealing with other banks, which could be through their holdings in debt or stock or through open positions as counterparties. Leveraging occurs when the value of a position exceeds the trading cost. This can be achieved through borrowing money to trade or by purchasing futures on margin. The problem with leveraged positions is the risk of cascading losses and defaults, particularly in the event of a credit crisis, as banks pass on their debt to other banks, which can lead to a collapse of the entire trade. If a leveraged position becomes worth less than the actual investment amount, the firm may default on the leverage requirements, which could lead to contagion and losses for other firms holding the debt."}
{"3789": "\n\nIn Canada, there are various methods of tax deferral that Revenue Canada permits. These methods, however, do not let you avoid paying taxes altogether. They merely allow you to defer taxes from high-income years to lower-income years, leading to a reduced overall tax bill due to the marginal rate for personal income tax. One such method is the corporate dividend approach, as explained in another answer. TFSAs are an alternative, but they come with certain limits. Regarding tax deferral, the best and simplest option available in Canada is the RRSP. If you do not have a company pension, you may contribute up to 18% of your income. Even if you have a pension plan, you may still contribute to an RRSP, but the maximum amount of contribution will be less. Contributing to an RRSP lowers your taxable income, resulting in tax savings. Furthermore, interest earned on the equity in your RRSP is not taxed. Only when you withdraw money from the plan, it is considered income in that year, and taxes are applied. RRSPs are designated for retirement, but you can withdraw from them at any time. Suppose you have little or no income in a year. In that case, you may withdraw from your RRSP, and while tax is withheld at that time, you may get some or all of it back based on your taxable income for the year. In essence, RRSPs enable you to balance your income and lower your legitimate tax obligations."}
{"3790": "\n\nThe text can be revised as follows: \n\nIt's essential to distinguish between capital gain distribution and the capital gain made from a stock sale. If you have stock sales, you should file a 1040, and not a 1040A. Capital gain distributions are specifically from mutual funds or ETFs, representing the gains from selling capital assets within the fund. It is reported on a 1099-DIV, and if it is zero, this indicates that the distribution was not made. Regardless of whether you received the distribution from the fund, it's possible that you still have attributed gains from it. If you sold stocks, your broker should have issued a 1099-B; however, it's not the same as a 1099-DIV. Your broker may provide you with a consolidated PDF rather than separate reports. The 1099-B reflects the sales proceeds, and for stocks bought after 2011, the cost basis is also included. The difference equates to your gain or loss, depending on whether it's positive or negative. Any fees are added to the cost basis."}
{"3791": "\n\nWhenever a website discusses Hypothetical Growth of $100, $1,000, or $10,000, it assumes that the investor will reinvest their dividends. This is a common assumption across websites, including Morningstar and Financial Times, unless the site lacks dividend data, such as Google Finance. However, if you wish to compare account values after withdrawing dividends, it is important to note that the Income class pays dividends annually, resulting in one jump per year. For example, the dividend payments for 2013 and 2014 would be considered."}
{"3792": "\n\nThe most prudent approach to funding a retirement is to avoid tapping into your retirement savings when possible. Rather, save for a down payment on a house. Find ways to tuck away money for this specific goal, and take into account not just the down payment, but also the added expenses of insurance, taxes, and maintenance costs. If the total expenses are lower than those of renting, then buying is likely the better choice. However, this may not always be the case. When you are ready to purchase a home, ensure you have at least 20% of the total cost as a down payment, as well as an emergency fund that can cover three months of increased living expenses. For a single person, this could easily be over $10k per month, including mortgage, utilities, and food. As a homeowner, you will inevitably face unexpected expenses, such as a new roof for $5k, an HVAC system for $6k, exterior paint for $1.5k, a plumber for $500, pest control for $750, and a fallen tree removal for $250. Additionally, periodic costs, such as a new fridge for $1k, a new water heater for $500, and new washer and dryer for $1.2k will inevitably arise. It's not a question of if, but when these expenses will arise, and having an emergency fund in place will ensure you are prepared for them."}
{"3793": "\n\nYour retirement plan should not solely be determined by your perception of employment risks. If you are uncertain about the security of your job in the short term or have concerns about your mid-career prospects, having a well-thought-out emergency fund plan can be highly beneficial. While your retirement plan is intended to fund your life after work, it is generally recommended to contribute as much as possible as early as possible. Building a well-funded retirement portfolio can provide long-term security and can even be leveraged in the worst-case scenario, but a strong emergency fund planning can more effectively address your immediate concerns. Proper planning for both retirement and emergency funds is essential to a comprehensive personal finance strategy. To learn more about your retirement options, there is useful basic information available in a post on StackExchange. If you have disposable income, you may be able to fully fund an IRA and a 401K each year and still have some money left over. To determine whether you want to fund your 401K beyond employer matching, consider reviewing the fees. There are various approaches to building an emergency fund, ranging from saving x months' salary to planning for each expense in detail. Regardless of the approach, it is crucial to consider your risk tolerance and create a strategy that addresses your specific needs. Constantly worrying about your situation can make it challenging to perform well at work; having a solid emergency plan in place can ease such worries. While you may fear becoming obsolete and struggling to keep up in your career as you reach midlife, such concerns may be unfounded. Although changes to your body, mind, and abilities are inevitable, it can be challenging to predict where you will be, what you will be doing, and how your experience will offset potential decreases in your ability to keep up. It is wise to consider possible scenarios, but bear in mind that such situations are not predetermined. Being 40 is not a special age that forces you to switch to a different line of work if you do not want to."}
{"3794": "\n\nI debated whether to put this in an answer or a comment, as I believe that answering this question would require much more information, which may result in this post being considered \"too localized\". At a minimum, we would need to know her location to provide useful options. Therefore, my generic suggestions are:\n\n1. Contact the mortgage companies and explain that she can no longer make the payments. This could result in foreclosure on the properties, and if she still owes money afterward, she may have to declare bankruptcy, depending on whether her state is \"non-recourse\" (US). This option is not advisable, except as a last resort since it is a drastic step that wipes the slate clean and provides some level of certainty.\n\n2. Examine the portfolio of properties carefully, obtaining accurate evaluations of them (which may be free, depending on location), and analyzing the property market to determine whether rental rates/prices are increasing or decreasing. Subsequently, determine case-by-case whether each property should be retained or sold. Discounts on fees may be possible if multiple transactions are made. This option would require objective analysis and decision-making without emotional investments in the properties.\n\n3. Depending on how she obtained the properties, it may be possible to sue whoever recommended the properties as an investment option. A large, deteriorating property portfolio is not a viable investment for an elder, and if they were purchased based on consultation with an investment advisor, there might be legal recourse.\n\n4. Could the properties be utilized as a means of reducing costs? For instance, could she inhabit one of the properties to cut costs? If she owns her home, she could sell it, live in one of the rental properties, and utilize the funds to fund the sale of the other rentals.\n\n5. Lastly, do not intermingle your finances with hers, by taking out a mortgage on your personal property, for instance. If you have the financial resources to assist her within your budget, that's fine. However, it's advisable to restrict it to things such as buying groceries. If she's heading toward bankruptcy, you don't want to become embroiled in her finances."}
{"3795": "It's actually quite simple. Those who earn more money have a better ability to pay their bills. Credit card companies profit from individuals who can afford to pay hundreds of dollars in interest charges per month. If you only make $500 a month, you cannot afford to pay $200 in interest. As a result, their cost of conducting business with you is higher. These credit cards are issued to make a profit, primarily from individuals paying 12-29% interest on their credit limit of over $5,000, which is frequently near its maximum."}
{"3796": "\n\nStarting to invest in Poland may not have a straightforward answer, but there are general guidelines that can be followed. For example, for a young person starting their career, it's essential to match any work pension plan and consider emergency savings. Maintaining six months worth of spending or income is crucial, so don't put all your money in long-term investments. Avoiding high-interest debt and PMI on mortgages should also be a priority. Additional retirement savings, such as a Roth IRA or 401k, should also be explored. \n\nAfter considering these steps, it's essential to check with a tax accountant and consider using any additional money for investments, such as real estate or businesses. However, if it's too much effort, that's okay too. For retirement plans, consider where you want to live and vacation and buy property accordingly. \n\nFor any possessions you have, consider selling or donating them, but only if it's practical and doesn't hold significant sentimental value. Lastly, there's no rush to donate to charity, and it's best to donate anonymously to avoid dealing with spam."}
{"3797": "\n\nIn general, it is true that existing fixed-rate bonds - and therefore ETFs that hold those bonds - become less valuable when interest rates rise. This impact is greater for bonds that are further from maturity. However, once the bonds do mature, the fund can replace them at a market price, which means that the effect gradually decreases. To understand this effect, the bond market uses a metric called \"duration,\" which measures the average time from now to each bond payout, weighted by the payout. The longer the duration, the greater the price change for a given interest rate change. Although there are different ways to calculate duration, a rough approximation is that a bond's price will decrease by a percentage equal to the duration times the increase in interest rates. For example, a bond with a duration of 5 years will lose 5% of its value for a 1% increase in interest rates. \n\nRegarding your second question, whether diversification is beneficial depends on your investment goals. If you seek lower risk, short-term bonds may be a better option, but both short-term and long-term bonds will lose value if the issuer is in financial trouble. Generally, government bonds (gilts) are seen as less risky than corporate bonds. If you would like more information on diversification, it may be beneficial to pose a separate question with additional details."}
{"3798": "\n\nAn economy produces goods and services, and people use money to purchase them. The value of money is determined by the confidence people have in their ability to buy and sell with it within the economy. The amount of money in circulation relative to goods and services (supply and demand) determines its worth. In most economies, the federal/national reserve bank is responsible for maintaining stable prices, which is crucial for a well-functioning economy. The federal reserve bank achieves this by regulating the supply of money, such as printing more or decreasing interest rates, to stabilize the economy. It is challenging to determine the ideal amount of money required to keep prices stable due to numerous factors. If the amount of money is higher than goods and services, prices will rise, resulting in inflation. If the opposite is true, then it's deflation. Since deflation is more damaging to an economy than inflation, reserve banks tend to lean towards maintaining inflation."}
{"3799": "Contrary to popular belief, companies listed on OTC are serious and legitimate. Many companies begin trading on OTC as they do not meet the stringent requirements of the NASDAQ or NYSE. These leading stock exchanges strive to only enlist the best companies. NASDAQ, for example, has three requirement sets that a company must meet in addition to the main rules for all businesses. On the other hand, while there are no monetary minimums required to achieve an OTC listing, companies must submit audited financial statements and submit filings and reports to the SEC and NASD regularly. Additionally, OTC has several levels, namely OTCQX, the OTCCB, and OTC Pink, each with varied listing requirements. The cost of getting listed on OTC ranges from $30,000 to $150,000 and involves significant investment by the company. To learn more, visit: http://www.otcmarkets.com/learn/otc-trading. Similarly, the requirements for listing on the TSX are less demanding than the US markets, involving an application process, record submission, and a decision by a TSX committee. You can find more information about TSX here: http://apps.tmx.com/en/listings/listing_with_us/process/index.html.\n\nThe negative reputation of OTC markets stems from \"Get Rich on Penny Stock\" companies that have misled investors into making ill-informed investment decisions without conducting proper research into a company's background and reading its prospectus. As a result, investors blame the company's OTC status for their losses. It is essential to base investment decisions only on thorough company research and not rely solely on the number of exchanges the company is listed on."}
{"3800": "\n\nConsumer-focussed sites in the EU quote prices inclusive of VAT while sites in the USA quote prices exclusive of sales tax. Consumer pricing is largely influenced by psychological factors, with certain price points being more appealing to different buyer types. Although there have been fluctuations in the Euro vs. dollar exchange rate over the past decade, it has averaged around 1.2 dollars per Euro. VAT rates have also varied, typically ranging between 15% and 20%. These factors indicate that similar headline price points are generally suitable in both the USA and the Eurozone. However, as the British pound has been significantly more valuable than the dollar or the Euro, it may be appropriate to feature a lower headline price in the UK. It's worth noting that B2B focussed sites may quote prices exclusive of VAT, so it's essential to keep this in mind when making comparisons."}
{"3801": "\n\nIt is a good idea to consider investing only in VTI if you are 30 years old. However, if you are 50, I would suggest a diversified portfolio that includes 65% VTI, 15% VOO, 10% VXUS, and 10% BND."}
{"3802": "\n\nThere are two distinct entities that go by the name \"Volvo.\" The publicly-traded company with the ticker symbol VOLV-B is known as Volvo Group, or AB Volvo. Their main focus is on the manufacturing of trucks, buses, and construction equipment. On the other hand, the manufacturer of Volvo-branded cars is called Volvo Cars, a privately-held firm currently under the ownership of the Chinese Geely Holding Group. The two entities were once a single company until 1999, when AB Volvo sold its car division to Ford. Due to this shared history, both companies share the same branding logo."}
{"3803": "\n\nRevised: It is a fact that Warren Buffet has consistently achieved an average return of around 21% over his 40 years in business. Additionally, having a return on equity (ROE) of 23% is likely to be more than twice that of most companies. Moreover, there is a popular saying that growing sales from 1 million to 100 million is easier than growing sales from 100 million to 10 billion."}
{"3804": "\n\nTypically, mutual fund holdings are not available on a daily basis, which means an API is not available. This lack of transparency is due to potential impact on the portfolio manager's ability to trade. Although this information does not allow individuals to front-run the fund manager's trades, it provides market insight into the strategies used by the fund. The best way to access a list of holdings is by reviewing the most recent annual report and quarterly filings required by the SEC."}
{"3805": "\n\nRevised: If a title loan was taken out on your truck by your fianc\u00e9e, you won't be able to trade it in for another vehicle until the loan is paid off. The dealer may take your relatively new truck back since you won't have the title for the trade until the previous debt is cleared. Title loans are a bad choice, and it's advisable to pay off the loan as soon as possible, as the interest rates are high. If you provide details about the current loan on your truck, I can give you a more informed answer."}
{"3806": "\n\nIt's possible that the $200 extra that was withheld from your paycheck has already been sent to the IRS by your employer. Depending on the size of the employer, payroll taxes, including the employer's share of Social Security and Medicare taxes, could be deposited in the US Treasury within days of being withheld. Therefore, simply asking your employer to reimburse you may not work. Instead, consider asking that $200 less be withheld as income tax from your next paycheck. If you file a new W-4 form with Human Resources/Payroll, increasing the number of exemptions so that you have $200 less withheld, be careful not to claim more exemptions than you're entitled to. This could result in issues with the IRS, especially if you suddenly claim additional dependents. Once the $200 less is withheld, you can file another new W-4 form to change your exemptions back to the current amount."}
{"3807": "\n\nRevised: It is worth noting that larger banks often have more experience handling complex transactions. For instance, when I tried to wire money to a Canadian bank, my local credit union with only 12 branches did not have the necessary software to process the transaction, unlike Chase. The Canadian routing number did not follow the format of a US institution, and their software lacked the feature to enter such numbers. Furthermore, smaller banks usually lack international toll-free numbers for foreign access and may not offer sophisticated business banking tools. If you approach a small bank for Treasury bond approval, they may not have the necessary expertise. Therefore, when it comes to international transactions, bigger banks have more resources to allocate to services, giving them a considerable edge."}
{"3808": "\n\nRevised: Visit \"Paying for Care\" in the \"Caregiver Center\" section of the Alzheimer's Association website for helpful information. According to the Association, Medicare is usually the main source of healthcare coverage for individuals aged 65 or older, but private insurance, group employee plans, or retiree health coverage may also be available. Additionally, there are several public programs that offer income support or long-term care services to eligible individuals with dementia, such as Social Security Disability Income, Supplemental Security Income, Medicaid, veteran benefits, and tax deductions/credits. Many community organizations offer low-cost or free services, such as respite care, support groups, transportation, and home-delivered meals. Finally, families may be able to rely on informal care arrangements with the help of their friends, neighbors, faith communities, or volunteer groups."}
{"3809": "\n\nYes, it is possible to receive a physical certificate. One benefit of obtaining physical certificates is the ability to transfer your account from one brokerage to another. Once you receive the certificates in the mail, you can simply send them to the new broker for the transfer. However, I struggle to understand why someone would choose this option as it involves additional effort and expense compared to a direct transfer. Nevertheless, it remains one additional benefit of physical certificates."}
{"3810": "\n\nRevised: The beta of an isolated equity market is unlikely to resemble the betas of interconnected equity markets. During a period of global expansion, the beta of interconnected markets is not well-dispersed due to the dominant influence of wealthier nations over smaller ones. In times of recession, the beta of the plunging country will diverge, and if the world's economies diverge, their equity markets' betas will also diverge. If a country faces financial difficulties, its beta will also diverge. Beta is determined by the correlation against a ratio of variance, where variance measures volatility and correlation measures direction. Therefore, interconnected emerging equity markets are expected to have higher beta magnitudes due to their greater variation, but over time, their signs should more closely resemble those of other markets. Disconnected emerging equity markets are unlikely to have an average beta in terms of magnitude and direction."}
{"3811": "\n\nAs Keshlam mentioned, there are no guarantees unless you have a crystal ball. However, considering the information provided in your question, conducting some back testing could be beneficial. With the results, you can make trades that can work in your favor, although it is not foolproof. Additionally, quant finance stackexhange may be worth exploring."}
{"3812": "\n\nImagine you purchase a bond that is currently priced at $950 and matures in one year at a face value of $1000. There is one coupon, or interest payment, remaining for $50. Based on the current price of the bond, the coupon is yielding 5.26%. However, when you take into account the additional $50 you receive at maturity, your total return is higher than the current yield. \n\nNow, if the bond were to mature in two years, the coupon payment would still be 5.26%, but the additional $1000 you receive at maturity would amount to another 5.26% over the two-year span, or approximately 2.6% compounded annually. This brings your total yield to maturity (YTM) to 7.86%. Please note that this calculation is only an estimation, and the actual way to calculate YTM is with a finance calculator by inputting the present value (PV), future value (FV), coupon payment(s) (PMT), and number of periods (N). Regardless, even without a calculator or spreadsheet, this rough estimation is still relatively accurate."}
{"3813": "\n\nRevised: Electronic processing is more convenient for both you and the bank. It eliminates the need for excessive paperwork and is more environmentally-friendly. Banks that prioritize the environment earn appreciation from conscious customers."}
{"3814": "\n\nRevised: Certain 401k plans offer the option to make additional \"supplemental post-tax contributions\". Once you reach the pre-tax contribution limit (which was $17.5k in 2014), you have the option to make contributions on a post-tax basis. These contributions are referred to as \"spillover\" contributions due to their timing. Typically, this option is marketed as a way to receive company match, even if the pre-tax limit has been met accidentally. However, if you are mindful of your finances, it presents a convenient opportunity to put additional tax-advantaged money towards savings. It is important to note that you would only want to consider this option once you have already reached the maximum limit for pre-tax and Roth contributions. Contributions made on a post-tax basis do not yield the tax breaks offered by the other two options, for contributions or earnings. Nevertheless, upon leaving your employer, you may transfer post-tax funds directly into a Roth IRA, while pre-tax contributions, match, and earnings may be transferred to a traditional IRA."}
{"3815": "\n\nI concur with your suggestion to consolidate your debt with a loan, but it may be challenging to secure an unsecured personal loan from a bank or credit organization for the amount you need. One option to consider is Lending Club, a loan facilitation platform where loans are dispersed among multiple investors who each contribute a small amount, typically $25. They provide loans with rates ranging from 5-30%, depending on your credit profile, and they may offer loan amounts that match your requirements. However, please note that I'm an investor on this platform, and I'm not endorsing it, but it's the only option that comes to mind immediately.\n\nIf you plan to buy a house, I advise you to save at least 20% for a downpayment. Anything less than that may necessitate paying for PMI (Private Mortgage Insurance), which is an additional cost that remains until you reach a 20% downpayment or the value of the home. Reducing your credit card debt should be your top priority, and you should also recommend the same to your father. Consolidating your debts with a loan can help you to reduce interest charges, and a fixed payment plan can make it easier for you to pay off the debt. Whether you choose to pay off your credit card debt using your savings account is a personal decision that you must make. If you believe that withdrawing funds from your tax-free savings account may incur tax penalties, you should avoid doing so.\n\nRemember to treat debt, especially credit card debt, as an emergency at all times. Credit card debt should be temporary, and their rates and fees are structured that way, which is why you should consolidate it into a loan if it is likely to remain outstanding for an extended period."}
{"3816": "\n\nYou may be overthinking your investment strategy. Although there is overlap between funds, it's important to understand the extent of the overlap to avoid concentrating your investments in one area. It's recommended to choose two funds and invest your money into those funds. Then, continue to invest any new money into those two funds until you are ready to diversify into others. Holding your money in a single fund family within an IRA has advantages. Moving money from one mutual fund or ETF to another within the fund family is easy and doesn't trigger taxes as long as it remains a retirement account. You have decades before you need the money, so your initial investment of $10,000 is just the start. You are not locked into your investment choices and can adjust your allocations periodically. One thing to note is that if you haven't opened an IRA account yet, make sure to deposit money before the tax day deadline for the previous year and soon after for the current year."}
{"3817": "\n\nThere are much better options than credit cards. Credit cards are just a ploy to trap you into a heartless corporate structure. Keep in mind that banks can't be trusted, which is why it's wise to invest your savings in a tangible asset, such as bitcoins. Stockpile them like Smaug until it's prudent to use them after the eventual downfall."}
{"3818": "\n\nWhen calculating margin as the equity percentage of an account, the broker's point of forced liquidation is referred to as \"maintenance margin\". In the US equities market, this margin is typically set at 25%. To determine the price at which a forced liquidation will occur, initial and maintenance margins must be known. The formula for a long position with margin is represented by, and for a short position by, where P_m is the maintenance margin price, P_i is the initial margin price, m_i is the initial margin rate, and m_m is the maintenance margin rate. However, this calculation may become intricate when dealing with different asset classes, as each has a unique maintenance margin. This complexity arises due to the margin debt applied to all securities, collectively. Therefore, with an initial margin of 50% and maintenance margin of 25%, a long equity may experience a 1/3 fall before forced liquidation, while a short one may rise by 50%."}
{"3819": "\n\nI am curious about how he managed to balance having two female life partners simultaneously. Although I am not sure if it would be appropriate to bring up during the shareholder meeting ;)"}
{"3820": "\n\nIf the company proves to be stable, my preferred approach is to recover any losses by investing in the market at low points and selling at its peak. It is important to remember, especially for beginners, that making rash decisions based on market hype or hearsay from acquaintances such as Joe is never advisable. Instead, establish a personal investment strategy and make effort to stick to it. In the absence of one, it may be better to consider investing in real estate."}
{"3821": "\n\nRevised Text: It is possible to receive all of the money in your bank account, but if you are concerned about potential alarms being raised at the bank, it is likely that such an activity would trigger Anti-Money Laundering protocols. Your bank may report this to regulatory authorities and may ask for additional information. If you are conducting legitimate business, there should be no issue. It is important to maintain accurate records of your transactions and to pay any applicable taxes. As a significant amount of funds are involved (e.g. $80K per month), consulting with a lawyer and a CA can help you maintain compliance and stay organized."}
{"3822": "\n\nNumerous studies indicate that the wealthiest households comprise self-employed individuals and small business owners. However, such wealth comes with considerable risks, limiting one's ability to truly enjoy it."}
{"3823": "\n\nSelling a house is not without risk. While your house may have increased in value, it's important to note that this is likely due to the overall real estate market in your area, not necessarily any improvements you made to the property. If you decide to sell and purchase another home in the same neighborhood, you may not see any net gain. This is why I often remind people that a house is not an investment in the traditional sense. Of course, if you're renting out the property, it becomes a business. But as a place of residence, it's simply housing. While there is potential to make a profit when selling, it's not a guarantee. A house does store value, but accessing that value can be difficult unless you take out loans against it. However, the lower loan rates you may receive when borrowing against your home may not be worth it if you can avoid borrowing altogether. For me personally, I was able to leverage my home's value by taking out a very low-rate mortgage instead of paying cash upfront. This allowed me to keep more money invested in other areas, which is arguably one of the safest forms of leverage."}
{"3824": "\n\nRevised: Sovereign immunity acts as a safeguard for states when facing potential bankruptcy as they hold the power to define and customize their own bankruptcy laws within the framework of federal law. When a creditor is not paid, they may seek legal recourse, yet the state can invoke sovereign immunity, as seen in cases such as Hans v. Louisiana and Alden v. Maine. Breaking through this immunity would require taking the state to federal court and attempting to force them into bankruptcy, sparking a clash between state and federal authority. However, the federal government is often inclined to side with the state, resulting in a costly and arduous legal battle that may even reach the Supreme Court. The rarity of this situation is due to its negative impact on the state's credit, and thus, the state and business sectors aim to avoid it. Hence, when lending to states, creditors need to consider the possibility of the state invoking its \"nuclear option\" of sovereign immunity."}
{"3825": "\n\nI would like to add another point to ChrisinEdmonton's answer. While it may be appropriate as a comment or a partial answer, I feel that the comment formatting is inadequate to express my thoughts fully. The crux of the matter is this simple formula: (Capital Invested) * (Rate of Return) = (Income per Period). When ChrisinEdmonton states that you need $300,000, he is applying basic algebra. The formula for Capital Required is: (Income per Period) / (Rate of Return). So, let's say you have a goal of $12,000 per year in passive income and a reasonably stable 4% yield. The calculation would be: $12,000 / 0.04 = $300,000. You can use this formula to explore different rates of return and investment options.\n\nInvestment categories like REITs have higher dividend yields of around 8% to 12% but also pose more significant risks to your capital. This would require an investment of $100,000 to $150,000. However, the safest options would be bonds or industrial stocks that pay dividends. Bonds have yields of around 3% to 4%, and industrial dividend stocks like GE, UTX, or Coca-Cola tend to pay roughly 2% to 3%.\n\nThe key takeaway is that if you are looking to generate a passive income, don't rely on investment gains to achieve your goal. ChrisinEdmonton did not make this entirely clear. Spending down your portfolio can be complex and expensive."}
{"3826": "\n\nAfter a period without health insurance, I decided to purchase a policy for myself. As a 27-year-old man living in California with no preexisting conditions, I paid around $90 a month for a standard plan. However, when I later moved back to NY, I was surprised to find that insurance companies wanted almost $500 a month for catastrophic coverage. This experience taught me that the cost of health insurance can vary widely based on the state you live in. Each state has its own regulations on what health insurance companies must cover and at what price. In NY, for example, insurers cannot charge different rates based on age. Additionally, there is a price spiral in NY where high prices discourage healthy people from buying insurance, leading to even higher prices due to a small pool of buyers. To get an idea of the cost for your situation, you can try using an online insurance broker like eHealthinsurance to get a quote."}
{"3827": "\n\nVenture Capital Trusts are a high-risk investment that offers potential for high yields. However, they are only suitable for sophisticated investors or high net worth individuals due to the level of risk involved. It is important to note that I am not making a recommendation, but simply presenting this as an alternative investment option in response to the question. Further information can be found at https://www.wealthclub.co.uk/articles/investment-news/why-i-never-sold-vct/."}
{"3828": "\n\nAt the time of writing this post, there have been various excellent responses to this question. From my personal experience, I have found that writing 1-month options has yielded the greatest success. This is primarily due to two reasons: Firstly, with little time left until expiration, the option's implied volatility tends to dictate its premium. Secondly, solely focusing on acquiring the highest premiums can lead to taking a conservative strategy and transforming it into a high-risk strategy. Instead, my strategy is to aim for a 2-4% monthly return as my initial profit, and then focus on mastering management techniques in order to protect and even enhance that return."}
{"3829": "\n\nThis started as a comment but I felt it was too long, so I am posting it as an answer. @yarun, like you, I am not an accountant but I have found GnuCash to be an excellent tool for learning more about accounting. By understanding the 5 principal accounts and learning about debits and credits, you can gain knowledge about the centuries-old double-entry system that all accountants use. It may seem daunting, but it's easier than you think.\n\nEven if you don't balance the amounts exactly, GnuCash is still incredibly useful for tracking your monthly expenses. Customize reports and save configurations so that you can quickly access updated data. Initially, if you're unsure about transactions, classify them as \"Unaccounted Expenses\" so that you can see how much money you've spent without a clear understanding of where it went. As you learn more, you can re-classify them correctly and reduce the number of unaccounted expenses in your reports.\n\nTo start, import transactions from the past 6-12 months, and GnuCash will gradually learn to categorize them. You still need to review every transaction upon import, as sometimes expenses may be categorized incorrectly (e.g., petrol expenses classified as groceries). The reports help identify any abnormalities, and it's easy to make modifications and save custom reports. Keep in mind that your report configurations are saved on your computer and are not part of the GnuCash file, so if you switch computers, you have to export your configurations.\n\nOnce you start entering transactions proactively, on the day or week you incur the expense, you gain more control, and you'll need to match them with bank statements. Use Equity: Opening Balances to manipulate starting balances for the current balances to match the bank's balance. When you manually enter transactions proactively, later imports from the bank statement will match automatically and become reconciled.\n\nIn my experience, this process takes time, but it's worth it. I recommend starting slowly and asking questions if needed. Personal finance is more about behavior than math, and GnuCash helps you keep an overview of your money. Finally, it's best to use GnuCash on a laptop that you use regularly."}
{"3830": "\n\nThere are two approaches to determining the price of a future contract on the day prior to expiration. The cost of carry model states that the price equals the spot price plus the cost of carrying the underlying asset until expiration, minus the return that can be obtained from carrying the asset. In equation form, this is written as FuturePrice = SpotPrice + (CarryCost - CarryReturn). \n\nAlternatively, the expectancy model asserts that the futures contract price is based on expectations about the future price of the underlying asset. In this scenario, the futures price may diverge from the spot price depending on the expected rise or fall in price before expiration. \n\nFor reference, the cost of carry generally includes storage expenses, insurance, and finance charges incurred while holding a physical commodity. In the interest rate futures market, it refers to the difference between the yield on a cash instrument and the cost of funding necessary to purchase the instrument. The spot price represents the price at which a physical commodity sells for immediate delivery at a particular time and location. It is often referred to as the cash price."}
{"3831": "\n\nIt appears that the issue at hand relates to the expiration of rights as a taxable event. I discovered a link through Google that explains that PSEC shareholders have two taxable events, which have different consequences for each shareholder depending on their unique tax situation. The correct information regarding the tax treatment of unexercised PYLDR rights can be found on page 32 of the N-2 form. If you receive a Subscription Right from PSEC and do not sell or exercise it before it expires, you will generally have taxable dividend income equal to the fair market value of the Subscription Right on the date of distribution by PSEC, to the extent of PSEC's current and accumulated earnings and profits. You will also have a capital loss upon the expiration of the right equal to your adjusted tax basis in the right. It is important to note that the dividend taxable events occur on the date of distribution by PSEC, while the capital loss occurs upon the expiration of the right. However, neither taxable event mentioned is taxed by 4/15. If you are concerned about this, it is best to consult a tax professional. Otherwise, wait to receive the tax forms from your brokerage."}
{"3832": "\n\nHave you visited the Experian Office in person with all the necessary documentation (in both xerox copy and original)? If not, it's recommended you do so as there can often be a significant difference between dealing with government and semi-government institutions online versus in person."}
{"3833": "\n\nI'm not entirely clear on some of the details of your question, but I believe you meant to use $10,000 as the value of the futures contract and $3 as the value of the underlying stock. Those numbers would be more appropriate. \n\nTo give you an example of how to calculate the profit and loss from a leveraged futures contract, let's use the E-mini S&P500 contract, which is well-known. Each contract is worth $50 multiplied by the value of the S&P 500 index, and has a tick size of 0.25, which means that the minimum price change is 0.25 multiplied by $50, or $12.50. \n\nLet's assume that the current value of the S&P500 is 1,600, which means the value of each contract is $50 multiplied by 1,600, or $80,000. If you purchase one contract on margin with an initial margin requirement of 5%, or $4,000, and the S&P 500 index rises to 1,610, the value of your futures contract will increase to $50 multiplied by 1,610, or $80,500. Once you return the $76,000 that you borrowed as leverage, your profit will be $80,500 minus $76,000, which equals $4,500. \n\nSince you used $4,000 of your own funds as an initial margin, your profit, excluding commissions, will be $4,500 minus $4,000, which equals $500, giving you a 12.5% return. However, if the index drops to 1,580, the value of your futures contract will decrease to $50 multiplied by 1,580, or $79,000. After you return the $76,000 in leverage, you'll be left with $3,000, resulting in a net loss of (3,000 minus 4,000) divided by 4,000, which equals -25%. This illustrates why using leverage increases your risk but also has the potential for a greater return. \n\nIf you had not used margin and spent $80,000 of your own funds, your profit would be (80,500 minus 80,000) divided by 80,000, or .625%, which is significantly smaller than your leveraged profit, by a factor of 20, which is the inverse of the margin requirement (.625% divided by .05 = 12.5%). Using leverage in this case dramatically increased your rate of return. \n\nHowever, if the index decreased and you spent $80,000 but gained only $79,000, your loss would be only 1.25%, which is 20 times smaller than your negative return when using leverage. By avoiding leverage, you decrease your potential for upside but also decrease your downside risk. \n\nNote that for futures contracts, the margin requirements are set by the exchange, which is CME Group in the case of the E-mini. The 5% margin requirement in my example is higher than the actual margin requirement, which is currently $3,850 USD per contract, but it is used for simplicity. Also, note that CME Group refers to the initial margin as the performance bond."}
{"3834": "\n\nIn summary (tl;dr), after examining various charts, it appears that the CNN Money and Yahoo Finance charts contain errors and are inaccurate. The TD Ameritrade chart seems to be the most reliable, showing returns with reinvested dividends. CNN most likely shows reinvested dividends for quoted securities but not for the S&P 500 index, while Yahoo probably shows all returns without reinvested dividends. TD's chart for the S&P 500 index fund VFINX appears to be consistent with reality, whereas Yahoo's charts for both ABALX and VFINX disagree with Yahoo's own historical data. A historical S&P 500 return estimator indicates a 97.1% return with reinvested dividends between July 2012 to July 2017, compared to raw returns of 78.4%. CNN claims a 35% growth for the S&P 500 index over the last five years, while Yahoo claims 45%."}
{"3835": "\n\nRevised: In my opinion, if you have to incur debt, do so at the lowest possible cost. The interest you will ultimately pay, coupled with the future value of money, can add up significantly over time. For instance, consider that the future value of $3000 at an effective interest rate of 5% after 3 years is $3472.88, while the present value of $3000 at the same interest rate over 3 years is $2591.51. This means that in the future, you will need more money to pay for the same item."}
{"3836": "\n\nI believe there may be a misunderstanding regarding the functioning of S-Corps. I recommend consulting with a licensed EA/CPA in your state to better grasp the intricacies of your decision. This will help you educate yourself about the potential consequences of your choices."}
{"3837": "\n\nHow can I obtain quarterly information about private companies? The best way is to inquire with the owner(s); however, unless you have a prior relationship with them or a genuine interest in their business, they may decline your request. Nonetheless, this is a significant advantage of a private company as they are not obligated to disclose their financial information publicly."}
{"3838": "\n\nRevised: If the cost of repairing a car is more than its value, it's not worth it. Instead, browse Craigslist for another second-hand car that fits within your budget. Before buying, have a mechanic inspect the car. Refer to Consumer Reports to find a reliable model. As you don't need an expensive car, it's better to buy several cheap ones in succession that you can pay for in cash. Avoid building your credit by financing your car. Instead, use a credit card with a low limit to make monthly purchases and pay it off in full every month. Take time to find a good-priced car and a favourable rate before purchasing; don't base your decision on monthly payments alone. Pay in cash until you qualify for a loan from a credit union or bank with a low-interest rate. If you must borrow, secure a pre-approved loan first before negotiating with the dealer. Don't let the dealer do all the financing for you."}
{"3839": "\n\nTo track your spending over time, start by becoming familiar with the \"Reports\" menu on the toolbar. Specifically, check out the \"Reports > Income/Expense > Income Statement\" report, which summarizes your income and spending over a default time frame of the current year. Each report you run has an \"Options\" button at the top of the screen, where you can set the time frame to display, such as the two-week span since your last paycheck. Additionally, explore other features like the Expense charts & statements, the \"Cash Flow\" report, and the \"Budgeting\" interface (although it may take some time to learn). \n\nThe best practices for tracking your spending also apply regardless of software used, but a good financial tracking program can enhance these practices. For instance, in our household, we have multiple credit cards which we pay in full every month. We choose these cards based on their specific benefits, such as cash back for certain business types. We use one card exclusively for eating out, another for groceries, and another for gas, making it easy to see how much we spend in each category. This method aligns with the account structure in GnuCash."}
{"3840": "\n\nThe location may not be a loss yet, but it could become one in the near future. This could be due to various reasons such as old equipment that will soon be out of warranty, new tax laws that will come into effect, declining sales over time, or labor disputes and other issues specific to the location. Additionally, the land where the location is situated may be more valuable if sold to a big box retailer than if it continues operating for the next decade. There are also instances where companies prefer to have substantial cash reserves or sell assets to pay off debt."}
{"3841": "\n\nRevised: The reason for the high P/E ratio is because the reported earnings were extremely low, especially in the financial sector, which is a significant part of the S&P500. During the twelve months preceding March 2009, banks were facing losses due to mortgage-backed securities, resulting in negative earnings, causing a collapse in earnings across the economy. Consequently, the S&P500's earnings fell to 78% of the previous year's earnings. Despite the market decline, investors were forward-looking and started to factor in the possibility of improved earnings by May 2009. The S&P500 saw a 33% increase in just two months, demonstrating that prices were not suffering as much as reported trailing earnings. Therefore, the high P/E value reported in May 2009 was anomalous."}
{"3842": "\n\nWhen interest rates increase, bond prices decrease due to their fixed coupon rate. As a result, the bond's rate is now lower than what is available on the market, reducing its value. Bonds can diversify an investment portfolio, as they are less volatile and considered safer than stocks. However, they tend to offer less potential for significant gains. While diversification is a sound strategy, it can be too complex and costly for individual investors. Moreover, it requires periodic rebalancing. If you already have mutual funds, investing in a theme that you understand may be preferable to investing in unfamiliar bonds. Mutual funds offer professional management and diversification, so you need not perform these tasks yourself."}
{"3843": "\n\nAlthough I cannot speak to the psychology of trust in your query, I can offer some practical tips for handling your issue. Firstly, ensure you know who you are communicating with by calling the company through a publicly available phone number. Letter or email sources may be suspect. Verify that you are on the correct website if using online services. Keep meticulous records, including the name and/or ID of the person with whom you spoke and any relevant call numbers, tracking numbers, transmission receipts, or other data. If uncertain about why certain information is being requested, ask the fraud department for an explanation. You can also request secure transmission of sensitive materials or confirm that said security measures are in place. Remember that both you and the fraud department share the goal of preventing corporate loss, which may mean treating customers well and preventing legal violations. However, it is crucial to allow fraud departments to perform their jobs effectively by cooperating where possible. If your case involves identity theft, document the issue thoroughly for potential use with law enforcement. Finally, take active steps to limit future harm by freezing your credit, inquiring about monitoring services with your bank or credit card provider, or using a free credit monitoring service like CreditKarma.com."}
{"3844": "\n\nI'm not sure if you've considered all of the options available. It's true that subtracting $X from B may not be feasible, but it's worth comparing the NPV(B) to $Y. Our objective is not to determine the return on B but to determine our next course of action. Sunk costs can be disregarded in our planning process. However, in our return calculation, it's important to note that A was not a viable option. For this, we would need to include $X in the expenses for B. And for the second alternative, we would subtract $X from $Y (which may be negative).\n\nIt's important not to mix up the concept of sunk costs in planning and retrospective analysis. When reflecting on the costs of B, the $X will be factored in. Nonetheless, prior to starting B and having spent the $X, we only have the building and must decide based on the available options. $Y can be regarded as the opportunity cost of B \u2013 it's either to sell for $Y or to undertake B. B should only be pursued if it's worth more than $Y.\n\nThe sunk cost fallacy would be if we compare B to $X. If $Y is lower than $X, this may lead us to forgo B even if it's the best path forward. For example, if $Y < NPV(B) < $X, pursuing the project would result in loss, but it would be less costly than if we sold out. Similarly, if $Y < $X < NPV(B) or $X < $Y < NPV(B), B should still be undertaken. Generally speaking, B should be pursued any time NPV(B) is greater than $Y. The only time B should not be pursued is when NPV(B) is less than $Y. If NPV(B) and $Y are identical, financially, it wouldn't matter whether B is undertaken or not."}
{"3845": "\n\nThe reason for this lies in the fact that some public companies have shareholders who disagree with the company's objectives or methods, yet own a single share with the sole intention of attending shareholder meetings and causing disruptions by asking difficult questions, criticizing directors, and so on. It is likely that if public companies had the ability to prevent these activist shareholders from holding stocks, they would take advantage of it."}
{"3846": "\n\nAll loans must be originated from the direct loan program. The Stafford loan is generally a better option as it has a lower interest rate compared to the PLUS loan (6.8% versus 7.9%). However, there are limited alternatives available for most individuals. While private student loans exist, they typically have significantly higher rates and less favorable payment terms. There are exceptions, such as specialized programs available to those studying medicine or dentistry. Credit cards may also be an option, but they generally come with higher interest rates and limited credit lines. However, if you are unable to repay the debt, negotiating the balance down or filing for bankruptcy may be possible."}
{"3847": "\n\nThe responses you will receive will mainly differ among individuals. I cannot advise you on which option is best for you, but there are several factors to consider. Firstly, are you familiar with the selling process? If your target market is competitive, then it might be best to go the FSBO route as you may not require the marketing expertise of a real estate agent. In markets where there is high demand, pricing your home correctly could lead to multiple offers being submitted for your property, which could complicate the process. Do you have an accurate understanding of your property's value in your target market? Are you working with accurate figures or relying on websites such as Zillow? Additionally, do you understand the paperwork necessary to finalize a FSBO transaction? Negotiation skills will also come in handy as buyers with an agent will require a percentage of the sale's proceeds as commission. FSBO resources exist, but there may be a considerable learning curve involved that could be overwhelming.\n\nFSBO does not come without cost; buyers with agents will expect a commission of about 3% for their part in the sale. Without prior experience in negotiating, you may end up leaving money on the table. Moreover, an experienced agent may demand contingencies throughout the negotiation process. Besides, you may have to pay for marketing expenses and take time off from work to showcase your home. However, if you reside in a region where buyers come to you, the sale could be relatively hassle-free.\n\nTraditional agents charge a fee, but it goes towards marketing, sales experience, and negotiations. They handle the process of exposing your property to prospective clients and booking showings. They work on your behalf, eliminating the need to adjust your work schedule often, unlike FSBO. They only get paid once your house sells. Limited service agents (LSAs) are not well-known to me, but it's expected that buyers will have agents, so LSA fees will likely be high. $500 is the minimum LSA fee, which appears to be paid regardless of whether the house sells. It seems like you're paying a fee to market and feature your house on their list, with no guarantee of selling. In my view, you may receive the same exposure as an informed FSBO seller."}
{"3848": "\n\nTo offer a counterargument to previous statements, it is important to note that the quote holds significance for a different reason - the fact that every economic situation is unique. With various factors such as technology, monetary policy, economic thinking, social needs, and market expectations constantly evolving, the fabric of markets is continuously being altered. While economic projections may fail in their most basic form, it is important to acknowledge that economics is like warfare, with constant shifts that challenge our assumptions and create new circumstances that are difficult to predict.\n\nIn the past, people who bet on large-scale mechanized warfare between western powers continuing post nuclear weapons were proven wrong. This is just one example of how the world can change unexpectedly, and these shifts can have significant impacts on finance that are often overlooked or forgotten. Innovations such as public ownership of stock, bonds, mortgages, and insurance have changed the world forever and created structural shifts in economies, growth rates, and societal interactions.\n\nAs predicting growth is crucial in the game of economics, it is common for individuals or groups to overextend on new innovations while neglecting others. However, it is naive and unproductive to assume that individuals can easily learn from such complex and vague problems or take advantage of the shifts that occur. Every shift in economics is different, and acknowledging this fact is crucial in understanding the complexities of the field. Just as it was different in the past, this time it is different."}
{"3849": "\n\nRevised: Selling a covered call on fully owned stock eliminates the possibility of a margin call even if the stock value plummets to zero. However, buying on margin mandates adhering to margin regulations. On the other hand, with a naked put, it is essential to have the financial capability to purchase the stock if put to you, regardless of the price decline. Additionally, the daily evaluation of your positions is commonly referred to as 'mark to market.'"}
{"3850": "\n\nYour question lacks sufficient details to provide a direct answer. However, here are some key factors to consider. Short term gains are subject to taxes at your marginal rates while long term gains have lower capital gains rates, up to 20%. If you are selling at a gain, it may be beneficial to sell FIFO to take advantage of the lower capital gains rate. Alternatively, in the case of a loss, selling LIFO could offset short term gains that you may have. If you don't have short term gains, you can use short term losses to offset long term gains, but the tax benefit will be lower. It's important to watch for wash sale rules if you buy/sell within a short period. In this case, using FIFO would be the better option."}
{"3851": "\n\nAre you interested in making money, my young friend? One way to achieve this is by selling goods, such as lemonade, at a price that is higher than the cost of the ingredients, such as sugar, water, and lemons. Another way is to buy an option, which is a right to engage in a specific future trade. You will make money if the actual returns from the trade exceed the cost of purchasing the option. However, if you sell this same right, you will lock in your return at the outset but the costs will only be realized when the trade is either consumed or declined by the owner of the option. It is the owner of the option who has the final say, as they can sell it, hold on to it, or use it for the anticipated trade. That's everything you need to know about options."}
{"3852": "\n\nYour selection of exchange and the cost structure you have will determine whether manual or auto routing is optimal. Choosing manual routing could be more affordable if the cost is lower, but if your broker charges trade fees, it would not make sense because the costs are already high. However, if brokers charge a fee to manually route, it could be a good policy as long as the exchange selected has high rebates. This is not applicable to equities since they are generally low-cost, but there are some costly option exchanges. This assumes that your broker shares exchange rebates, which is typically not the case. If you have direct access to exchanges, you are likely doing this already, but to be effective, you need: For those trading with brokers without shared rebates or who lack knowledge of exchange prices and liquidity, auto routing is preferable."}
{"3853": "\n\nDuring the initial meeting, a comprehensive assessment of your current situation, objectives, and a plan to achieve them will be developed. However, it is important to note that discussing your risk tolerance may require additional time. In the first meeting, the financial planner will focus on demonstrating their skills and services, as well as gathering the necessary data from you. To maximize the effectiveness of this meeting, it's advisable to inquire about the information needed beforehand. The amount of information requested will directly affect the depth of analysis during the initial meeting. This is also an excellent opportunity to discuss the fee structure. Some planners receive compensation for creating the initial plan, while others derive income from its execution. The cost of the initial analysis will undoubtedly vary, and it is advisable to inquire about it in advance. However, it is commonly considered part of doing business, and most planners will not charge for this first meeting."}
{"3854": "\n\nYou may want to consider contacting Merrill Lynch for general inquiries. Their website is http://www.ml.com/index.asp?id=7695_114042. Additionally, I have found a few graphics related to Merrill Lynch at the following links: http://topics.nytimes.com/top/news/business/companies/merrill_lynch_and_company/, http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/01/17/us-merrilllynch-results-idUSWNAS674520080117, and http://www.stocktradingtogo.com/2008/09/15/merrill-lynch-saved-by-bank-of-america-buyout/."}
{"3855": "\n\nIt appears that a recent decision has been made regarding the total allowable claims, although there is still some uncertainty about the exact amount. Details can be found at the following links:\n\nhttp://www.wilmingtontrust.com/gmbondholders/plan_disclosure.html\n\nhttp://www.wilmingtontrust.com/gmbondholders/pdf/GUC_Trust_Agreement.pdf\n\nOne example provided states that, according to Section 5.3 of the GUC Trust Agreement, a holder of a Disputed Claim in the amount of $2,000,000, which was allowed for $1,000,000 as of the end of the first calendar quarter, would receive the following:\n\n- Corresponding to the Distribution to the Holders of Initial Allowed Claims: \n- Corresponding to the First Quarter Distribution to Holders of Units: \n- Total:"}
{"3856": "\n\nEstablish Trust: I have established a trust account in my name with three dependents. The FDIC has confirmed our insurance coverage up to $1 million. Additionally, we have separate personal accounts for each of us and a corporate account at the same bank, all of which are insured."}
{"3857": "\n\nDuring an IPO, brokers have limited shares to distribute. They typically prioritize their highest profit clients, while still ensuring satisfaction among smaller clients. For instance, I requested 1000 shares of TWTR, but only received 100. In contrast, during the dotcom bubble of the late 90's, I observed as many as 1000 shares hit my account for certain stocks. (Note: Dotcon is not a typo, but rather the title of a book centered on this period and the irrational actions taken on Wall Street.)"}
{"3858": "\n\nI agree with the other comments that your expectations for returns are unrealistic. If it were possible to achieve those returns with moderate risk, you could exponentially increase your wealth simply by reinvesting your profits. However, it's important to note that not all financially savvy people are billionaires, indicating that your plan doesn't add up. \n\nIn the spirit of providing helpful advice, I'll point out that high returns come with high risks. Though it's unlikely, there are theoretical ways to achieve such returns, one of which is through option trading. Compared to buying stocks, option trading provides higher levels of leverage, meaning your potential for gains or losses is significantly greater. However, I strongly advise against investing any money that you cannot afford to lose entirely because the likelihood of losing everything is high."}
{"3859": "\n\nIndividuals residing in New York may be required to pay taxes on income from \"New York sources\". As a freelance web developer, it may not be clear whether this applies to you. However, if your spouse is also a freelance web developer who has conducted business in New York under the same business entity as before (such as a sole proprietor or corporation), it is likely that you will need to file taxes. According to the nonresident tax form manual: if you were a nonresident of New York State, you are subject to New York State tax on any income you received from the state in 2011. Additionally, if you were a resident of New York for only part of 2011, you must pay taxes on all income received during that period, as well as income earned from New York sources while you were a nonresident. To determine the amount of tax owed, you must use Form IT-203, and calculate your base tax as if you were a full-year resident. Subsequently, you must determine what percentage of your income is subject to New York State tax, as well as the amount of tax apportioned to the state."}
{"3860": "\n\nThere are some people who possess a peculiar desire to explore the interior of other people's homes. But there is another segment of society who lack an accurate understanding of the service industry. For example, a group of friends may occupy a table at a restaurant for over an hour, order only coffee or share dessert, and then conclude the visit without leaving a tip. Although such patrons have purchased a service, they may lack the comprehension that their time and resource consumption may also affect the provider. Their logic may be, \"Why should I pay for a service that I didn't receive, even though I took up the provider's time and resources, which he could have otherwise used to generate income?\" When these two types of people interface, your wife's predicament with prospective home buyers ensues. \n\nI view the buyer/agent relationship in a way that differs from the norm when I meet those individuals with no malicious intent. I assume that the buyer has not hired the agent, as such an interaction would require a contract outlining the listed services, associated costs, payment options, and service provision. But this is not how it works. It's crucial to understand that the agent is hiring the buyer. The goal is to find a prospective client that will yield revenue. Commission-based industries depend on securing paying clients. Therefore, when managing one's time and resources while juggling these various prospects, any prospect who is not genuinely interested in purchasing a property must be turned down. These cold leads are looking for free advice on decorating or paint choices, and consume the time and resources of agents who could otherwise offer value-added services to serious buyers. \n\nIf I were in the shoe-making business, I wouldn't provide walk-ins with resources or access to space in the hopes that they might purchase shoes in the future. Such behavior costs the agent revenue in the present, as it takes away from more lucrative activities such as obtaining advanced training or connecting with serious buyers. Therefore, it is challenging to justify the time and resources associated with catering to non-profitable leads, as it restricts revenue in the present as well as in the future."}
{"3861": "\n\nThe original text contains negative and harsh language. Here's a revised version that conveys the same message more objectively:\n\nDebit cards can be risky if we're not careful with our spending. Even the slightest miscalculation can cause us to incur overdraft fees and bounce essential payments like our mortgage. To avoid this, we can consider using a credit card, but with caution and discipline. It's also helpful to withdraw enough cash to cover our small daily expenses, like snacks and gas, and limit our impulse purchases. For larger expenses, it's wise to plan and save up before using our credit card. By being mindful of our spending and using multiple payment methods, we can manage our finances more effectively."}
{"3862": "\n\nThere are relocation services that offer assistance in apartment search. Though typically associated with real estate agents, they don't guarantee a successful search. Personally, I was unimpressed with such a service that I was offered, as I was able to successfully find a place myself. However, the company paid for a hotel room while I searched, which gave me the chance to explore other options. In the end, I found a place through a co-worker's father. When it comes to searching for shared living spaces in a college town, speaking with the housing office, checking dorms, fraternity houses, or independent living groups is your best bet. Listings for roommates in these areas fill up fast, and they are open primarily to known or vouched-for individuals."}
{"3863": "\n\nWhether or not you are registered for GST, it is mandatory to include a GST total on every invoice sent to an Australian customer. If registered, the GST total must be 10% of the payment amount, while for non-registered individuals or companies it should be $0.00. To ensure both parties are working with the same GST amount, the invoice's GST total should be in Australian Dollars as all GST transactions with the government are in AUD. This requires you to convert your funds from USD to AUD via PayPal's \"Manage Currencies\" feature before sending the invoice promptly. Alternatively, you can collect payments in AUD using PayPal or select a different payment service that collects payments in USD but immediately converts them to AUD before sending the invoice. These services are often provided by Australian PayPal competitors."}
{"3864": "\n\nI will provide an overview of how taxes are handled in various jurisdictions, and offer specific guidance for the OP's tax home, which is the US. In most tax systems, including the US, taxes are prepaid throughout the year with a final balancing payment or refund at year-end. There are three primary goals to consider when making these prepayments. \n\nFor US-specific advice, please refer to the IRS website: https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estimated-taxes. Depending on your circumstances, it may be necessary to make quarterly estimated tax payments to avoid penalties on April 15th. Even if you are not penalized, it may be beneficial to make these payments to ensure you have saved enough to make your final payment by April 15th."}
{"3865": "\n\nIn the US, there are two ways of dealing with this situation. Firstly, if you held the short position for less than 45 days, you must add the dividend amount to the stock purchase price while preparing taxes. This is known as adjusting the basis. For instance, if you shorted a stock at $10, bought it back at $8, and received a $1 dividend during that period, you should add $1 to $8, making your stock purchase basis $9, and the profit you earn would be $1. Your software might include an option to \"adjust the basis,\" or else you can do it manually for the concerned shares and provide a note for the tax reviewer. The second option is to make the dividend payment treated as an investment expense. However, this option is only available if you have held the shorts for more than 45 days and itemize your deductions. I hope this clarifies things for you!"}
{"3866": "\n\nThe statement provided is too vague to be helpful, and I encourage you to disregard it completely. It is unclear what the author means, and they are attempting to convince you that index funds are the best option without providing adequate evidence. The definition of an \"active trader\" is broad and can refer to a variety of people and strategies. As such, it is essential to consider each category and understand the risks and benefits associated with them.\n\nRetail traders, for example, often lack the tools, knowledge, and resources necessary to beat the market. Day traders represent an entirely different approach to investing, and it is not relevant to compare their performance to passive investing strategies. Actively managed funds have outperformed passive funds in several years, and it is a fallacy to believe that index funds are always superior. Furthermore, many index funds are heavily weighted towards a small number of stocks, leading to limited diversification.\n\nThere are times when index funds may be the best option, such as when you do not want to follow market news or want a hands-off approach. However, it is essential to understand the risks and benefits associated with each type of investment and to choose accordingly."}
{"3867": "\n\nBased on the information provided by the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance, it seems that your service is exempt from taxes. Nevertheless, if you are selling physical goods, you will need to collect sales tax on those items."}
{"3868": "\n\nThe accounts affected by a transaction are not fixed and can vary depending on the complexity of the accounting system. However, the type of account (asset, liability, capital, income, expense) and debit and credit rules are universal. For example, if a product is sold on account for $700 and costs $500 to produce, the \"Stock on hand\" account should be credited (decreased) by $500, the \"Accounts receivable\" account should be debited (increased) by $700, the \"Sales\" income account should be credited (increased) by $700, and the \"Cost of goods sold\" expense account should be debited (increased) by $500. \n\nIf a friend spends $1000 on a wedding, it's important to understand how it affects your accounts. If you paid for it and expect repayment, and the friend paid with a check, the \"Checking account\" asset account should be credited (decreased) by $1000, and the \"Wedding expenses\" expense account should be debited (increased) by $1000. If the friend paid with a credit card, the \"Credit card\" liability account should be credited (increased) by $1000, and the \"Wedding expenses\" expense account should be debited (increased) by $1000. When the friend pays off the credit card, the \"Credit card\" liability account should be debited (decreased) by $1000, and the \"Cash\" asset account should be credited (decreased) by $1000. \n\nWhen issuing $3000 in stock to a partner company, it's unclear whether or not any compensation was given for the stock. If the company paid cash for the stock, the \"Cash\" asset account should be debited (increased), and the \"Shareholder equity\" capital account should be credited (increased). \n\nIn summary, accounting principles are based on the five types of accounts (assets, liabilities, capital, income, expenses), and every transaction must update at least two accounts with a debit or credit amount. By understanding these principles, accounting transactions can be accurately recorded and understood."}
{"3869": "\n\nA nondividend distribution typically returns capital that you've previously contributed, meaning it is nontaxable and not income from capital gains. However, it does affect your cost basis when determining capital gains or losses upon realization. For example, publicly-traded REITs distribute a return of capital as a nondividend distribution. This is not a share of profits but rather a return of a portion of the original capital investment. The return of capital changes the cost basis, which must be adjusted when the shares are sold. More information about the S-Corp's business activities is needed to determine if there are actual capital gains or losses."}
{"3870": "\n\nIt is definitely worthwhile to consider working with a CPA to set up and learn how to maintain your books accurately, even if you plan to manage them independently afterward. After all, how much do you value your own time?"}
{"3871": "\n\nMint.com connects with all of your accounts and organizes all of your transactions. I find it to be quite useful."}
{"3872": "There are various options available to you when placing a stock order, depending on the type of orders offered by your broker. Placing a limit order at the top of bids the night before market open may put you at risk if bid and offer prices increase by the time the market opens the next day. Conversely, if bid and offer prices fall at market open, your order should be filled at or below your limit price. You could also monitor the market at open and determine the price and quantity you want to buy based on market trends. However, this method is not recommended, as emotional reactions can lead to chasing the market or regretting a purchase. The best approach is to use stop orders to enter and exit the market. With a stop buy order, you can trigger a buy at a predetermined price, such as above $10.01, and then place a market or limit order above that trigger price. This ensures a more objective, data-driven approach to investing, and avoids emotional reactions. Ultimately, as a long-term investor, it is more important to buy when prices show signs of rising than falling. Following market trends and using stop orders can help you achieve the best outcome."}
{"3873": "\n\nInvestopedia defines an asset as \"overbought\" when it experiences sharp upward movements over a short period of time. The extent to which an asset can be overbought varies depending on the investor's subjective assessment. Technical analysts use various indicators such as the relative strength index, the stochastic oscillator, and the money flow index to identify overbought securities. In contrast to oversold securities, overbought securities have more potential buyers than sellers, which can drive the price up to unsustainably high levels. This may result in a price correction that can send the price down rapidly. A real-life example of an oversold or overbought scenario can be found in the airline industry, where overbooking of flights can result in passengers being bumped from the flight. The same applies to IPOs in the stock market, where an increase in demand for shares can drive up the price, making it more difficult for buyers to find sellers to complete transactions. The potential in the market is unseen and what attracts buyers and sellers can affect the price shift. It is also important to note that stocks have a finite quantity, as only a limited number of shares are traded for a company at any given time."}
{"3874": "\n\nThe investment with a target date will gradually lower the proportion of equity and raise the proportion of bonds as it nears the date of retirement. Failing to make necessary changes as you age might increase your risk exposure in the future. Determining how much risk you can handle is a personal decision when aiming for higher returns."}
{"3875": "\n\nYour account entries are mostly accurate; however, please be aware that the last transaction includes elements from both the balance sheet and income statement. If Quickbooks does not automatically address this, then you will need to manually remove the expense from the balance sheet. It is necessary to recognize the expense on both the balance sheet and income statement at the time of accrual. This occurs when the prepaid rent is consumed by the landlord, which is when you should make the second entry in your question. The cash flow statement will reflect these cash transactions instantly."}
{"3876": "\n\nRevised: The shareholders may not necessarily be large investors, as even individuals owning as few as 3 or 5 shares exist, and a significant portion of the shares may belong to investment funds. In terms of voting rights, banks and investment companies handling the accounts of individual shareholders and fund owners usually have the collective voting power. Consequently, commonly acknowledged institutions such as Fidelity and Vanguard hold the majority of the voting authority."}
{"3877": "\n\nRevised: Making investment decisions solely to reduce your taxes is not a sound strategy, regardless of your country of residence. Taxes should not be the sole factor in determining your investments. Paying taxes on profits indicates financial success, whereas incurring losses purely to lower tax payments translates to losing money. The main objective of investing is to make a profit, not to suffer losses."}
{"3878": "\n\nTo begin with, you will require a securities account. These days, most major banks offer this service to their clients, albeit with some additional paperwork. Once you have an account, you may purchase shares in an ETF. This is typically carried out via the stock market, but there are additional methods available. Certain banks may offer securities directly, but these are typically created in-house (such as options). Moreover, some banks offer ETF investment plans that allow you to invest a fixed amount each month to purchase shares through the bank. In any case, all of these options should be available through the bank's online banking interface. However, keep in mind that fees should be carefully considered! Certain banks offer free securities accounts, whereas others require annual fees. The fees for stock market transactions and investment plans may also vary considerably, so it's worth considering alternative options."}
{"3879": "\n\nThe original poster notes living in the UK, but given my familiarity with the US banking system, it's probable that similarities exist between the two. However, it's unlikely that you'll be able to obtain approval for opening 10 checking accounts in quick succession in the US. It's worth noting that in the US, having a checking account with a bank isn't a necessary precondition for opening a credit card, though it might be helpful if you have a low credit score."}
{"3880": "\n\nForex brokers earn their revenue from the spread, which is the difference between the buyers' and sellers' prices. For instance, if the buy price is 1.1000 and the sell price is 1.1002, the spread would be 2 pips. However, the broker may obtain the spread from its liquidity source at a lower cost, such as a 1 pip spread. Consequently, the broker makes a profit of 1 pip for each trade executed by the trader. When this profit is multiplied by a large trading volume, it becomes clear why most forex brokers do not charge commissions."}
{"3881": "\n\nTo add stocks or mutual funds, simply select the desired options. Next, add all the transactions that you would have theoretically made. However, the process of looking up the price on each buy/sell date and adding each transaction can be quite tedious."}
{"3882": "\n\nThe Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) provided loans totaling approximately $475 billion to institutions, which are required to be repaid with interest (although at a low rate). Nevertheless, a significant percentage of these loans have been, or will be, paid back, resulting in a final price tag that is relatively low compared to the scale of the program. In contrast, there is around $10 trillion in mortgage debt outstanding, which represents a much higher price tag than TARP. Furthermore, unlike TARP loans that are repaid to the government, paying off mortgages would not generate repayment to the government. Consequently, the initial cost of such a plan would be around $10 trillion, which is significantly more than just a few billion dollars. Additionally, considering that the US government already has a debt exceeding $15 trillion, raising another $10 trillion to pay off people's mortgages would be challenging. In this regard, resorting to borrowing more money or increasing the money supply to finance such an initiative could trigger inflation and exacerbate the debt crisis further.\n\nIt is important to note that the principal balance of a mortgage is only a fraction of the amounts paid to the bank over a 30-year term. The interest paid over this period is significant, and banks build this revenue into their financial projections. Therefore, if these revenue streams were to disappear suddenly, it could have significant repercussions for the financial industry. Moreover, many people bought houses during the real estate boom when housing prices were inflated far beyond their actual value. Granting these people a mortgage holiday could further reward banks for accepting inflated values during the appraisal process, which was partly responsible for the financial crisis.\n\nLastly, the financial crisis was triggered by people buying houses they could not afford. Therefore, rewarding such behavior with a free house would not be a fair solution, particularly at the expense of taxpayers who had a prudent approach to their finances. Loan modifications, which force banks to accept the \"real\" value of the house, are a more equitable alternative."}
{"3883": "\n\nThe answer to this question varies depending on the specific regulations and terms found in the relevant insurance policy. In my own life insurance policy, for example, there are specific provisions that apply if I were to die within a year of applying. This suggests that such clauses are not necessarily illegitimate. In regards to car loan insurance, it's possible that the coverage and premiums were too low to justify the upfront costs of a thorough investigation. However, it is likely that a clause exists that would protect the insurer in the instance that the insured were to pass away at an unreasonably young age (relative to their given age and health status)."}
{"3884": "\n\nThe Total Return refers to the percentage difference in value, inclusive of any dividends, for an investment instrument. When calculating the \"trailing 12-month\" Total Return, the starting point is the value of the instrument precisely 12 months before the reference date. The formula for computing this is as follows: Total Return = (V - V0 + D) / V0, where V is the value of the instrument on the reference date, V0 is the value of the instrument 12 months prior to the reference date, and D is the total amount of dividends paid between both dates."}
{"3885": "\n\nAs someone with experience in computer science, I acknowledge that I have limited knowledge when it comes to personal finance and loans. However, it is essential for anyone to possess a basic understanding of personal finance, regardless of their field of study. I urge you to pause your formal education and educate yourself on personal finance. It is a crucial aspect of life that cannot be ignored.\n\nHaving a high salary does not guarantee financial prosperity. Personal finance depends more on behaviors than on mathematics. I have witnessed individuals with high salaries lose their homes due to foreclosure or are limited in their options because of high student loan balances. On the other hand, some millionaires never hit the IPO/startup lotto due to their behavior.\n\nCo-signing for loans with family members indicates a lack of knowledge and poor financial behavior. It can also strain relationships, leading to communication breakdown. Never ask anyone to co-sign a loan, and refrain from accepting such an offer.\n\nWorking as a TA and earning a $1000 stipend is not sufficient to meet your financial needs. You should aim to earn around $6K this semester to cover your costs and put some towards the loans you have acquired. Waiting tables and finding a part-time programming gig can help you achieve this.\n\nPursuing a graduate degree without securing financing is a recipe for failure. To achieve financial stability, it would be wise to exit college with a BS degree and seek employment. You can save for your MS tuition, and many companies provide tuition reimbursement. The computer science/software engineering market is dynamic, and it's uncertain when the demand will fluctuate. It is essential to learn and have knowledge of these things.\n\nIn conclusion, I wish you all the best in your year and encourage you to take proactive steps towards understanding personal finance. It is a significant aspect of life that cannot be taken lightly."}
{"3886": "\n\nIn order to effectively compare quotes, it is essential to ensure that they are based on the same values. For larger companies, it is recommended that they adopt similar models to determine the value of one's belongings. This often involves standardizing values for items such as appliances, even if they may differ in quality or type. In cases where expensive items are involved, it may be necessary to obtain a rider to cover them. It is important to note that property assessment values do not necessarily reflect costs needed to rebuild, and that insurance does not cover land. To ensure accurate comparison, it is vital to confirm that all quotes include the same riders, such as those covering motel stays and flood insurance, as well as the same deductibles. Inquiring with your state's insurance office, such as the one for Virginia, can provide valuable guidance in navigating this process."}
{"3887": "\n\nThe specific policy concerning RMDs varies depending on the bank. However, if I were in your position, I would include RMDs in my stated income for credit card purposes."}
{"3888": "\n\nWhat would be the outcome if the stock price continues to decline? No substantial change would occur. If people cease trading the stock, the result would be the same. However, if the company goes private, the board and (potentially) shareholders would vote for an agreed-upon price to buy out investors. Although the corporation charter may not require board approval from shareholders, if the final price is deemed unreasonable, shareholders can sue to prevent the transaction. Accounting firms that specialize in valuation would determine the fair value of outstanding stocks."}
{"3889": "\n\nTo ensure optimal trading outcomes, create a buy stop market order at 43.90, complemented by a stop loss market order at 40.99 and a stop limit profit order at 49.99. Be sure to input all three orders simultaneously from the onset. Once the price hits 43.90 or surpasses it, the buy stop order will activate for trading. This will also trigger the activation of the stop loss market and stop limit profit orders simultaneously. Should one of the orders execute, the other will automatically be cancelled."}
{"3890": "\n\nIf your investments are in a taxable account instead of a retirement account, you may not be able to avoid short-term capital gains if you sell them now. To minimize taxes, however, there are a few strategies you can consider. One is to donate some of your stock to a charitable organization before selling it. Another is to transfer some of the stock to a family member with a lower tax bracket, but this approach is subject to many rules and gift limits and may not be practical for children or full-time students. A third option is to buy puts to protect your gains, but this can be expensive, so it's important to calculate the return on investment. Alternatively, you could wait until the long-term capital gains rate kicks in, which will lock in your gains but won't allow you to benefit from any potential appreciation in the future. If all else fails, a final option is to hold onto your investments until you pass away, as the \"step-up\" basis on capital gains for estates can be beneficial. If you're considering any of these approaches, it's best to consult with a tax professional first. Source: http://www.forbes.com/2010/07/30/avoid-capital-gains-tax-anschutz-personal-finance-baldwin-tax-strategy.html"}
{"3891": "\n\nPlease review your calculations. In the given scenario, both stocks have a P/E of 2 and are trading at $40 per share. Using the formula P/E ratio = price per share/earnings per share, we can deduce that the earnings per share for both stocks is $20, not $10 or $5. Therefore, the EPS of the second stock is not necessarily better than the first, and the decision to purchase either stock should be based on other factors."}
{"3892": "\n\nI can relate to your situation. One of my clients deposited an IRA check at their local post office before the collection pickup, assuming it would be postmarked by April 15th. However, it was not postmarked until the following day, although it may have been picked up. Unfortunately, my firm did not consider it timely. I recall discussing this issue with my Retirement Services department, although I am unsure if they made an exception for us. Wishing you the best of luck."}
{"3893": "\n\nYes, Private Mortgage Insurance (PMI) is required by lenders when you need to borrow more than 80% of the home's value. However, there are certain situations where it can be a wise decision to use PMI in order to complete a home purchase. For example, if you need to take out a 90% LTV mortgage of $100,000, the annual cost of PMI would be $521. If you are currently renting and struggling to save up enough for a larger down payment, it could take a considerable amount of time to come up with an additional $11,000. Ultimately, only the buyer can determine if the particular property is a good deal or if interest rates have reached their lowest point, so the decision of whether or not to use PMI is not always a black-and-white one."}
{"3894": "\n\nThe Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 mandates that banks cooperate with the U.S. Government to deter and detect money laundering. To comply, banks must maintain records of cash transactions using Negotiable Instruments, and disclose any such transactions exceeding a daily aggregated amount of $10,000 or more. Therefore, the entity issuing the money order must also document and report this transaction to the bank. The bank retains these records in case FinCEN chooses to inspect the transactions."}
{"3895": "\n\nThe Motley Fool's video advertisement is intended to promote their paid newsletter products, and while the video starts by hinting at a \"secret trick\" to increase Social Security payments, it ultimately fails to deliver on this promise. Fortunately, I was able to obtain a transcript of the video and discovered that they were referring to the Social Security File and Suspend strategy. This approach involves one spouse filing for Social Security benefits early, allowing the other spouse to claim spousal benefits. The first spouse would then suspend their benefits until age 70, while the other spouse continues to receive spousal benefits. However, Congress has since closed this loophole, rendering it unavailable after May 1, 2016."}
{"3896": "\n\nJB King provided an excellent answer, stating that companies typically repurchase shares at market price from the open market. However, they may focus on larger stakeholders, including controlling interests that express interest in divesting. If this investor were to sell their shares on the open market, both parties could be unhappy with the resulting drop in prices. In such cases, the company may offer an incentive price that exceeds market rates. Recently, the US government has been the primary investor seeking to divest. As they received stocks in return for bailouts, they were able to make a modest profit from many of them, but not enough to compensate for the entire bailout. The '80s saw the emergence of a specific buy-back strategy called the \"leveraged buyout\". Here, a company takes out a substantial loan against itself, using the funds to purchase all publicly traded shares and becoming a private company. This maneuver became popular among private equity groups, with both beneficial and negative effects."}
{"3897": "\n\nIn order to perform a proper analysis, it is important to use the net inflow or net outflow (profit or loss) when dealing with IRR. Confusion may arise because there are multiple uses for IRR, but essentially it is the same formula approached from different angles. For instance, when analyzing a stock or mutual fund investment, one may project an up-front investment (net outflow) in the first period, followed by positive returns (dividends and final sale proceeds - each a net inflow) in subsequent periods. This model closely follows logical reasoning. Conversely, when analyzing a business project or investment, the cash flow tend to be more complicated and less smooth, with large up-front capital expenditures, net profits (revenue less ongoing maintenance expense), new expenditures, and so on. Regardless, it is essential to base the analysis on the net inflow or net outflow in each period. Additionally, it is important to only include project-related costs, without including the cost of overhead which would exist even if the project was not undertaken."}
{"3898": "\n\nCreditKarma Review: While I haven't used HelloWallet myself, I've heard positive reviews about it. It's a significant advantage to have financial resources that are independent of specific products because many investment advisers prioritize their firms over their clients, as evidenced by the Too Big To Fail phenomenon. Thus, having an unbiased resource at your disposal can be highly beneficial."}
{"3899": "\n\nRevised:\n\nIn a real estate transaction, cash has to be handed over to the seller, even if no physical money is exchanged. Regardless of how the bank accounts for the disbursement of the loan, the result is the buyer has cash to give the seller, but is in debt to the bank for at least the same amount. Banks usually do not have that money sitting in their vault, as they only keep a fraction of the deposit balances required by the Feds. Instead, they turn to investors by issuing bonds and receiving money from bondholders which they use to fund loans. Banks lose money from defaults in two ways: loss of future interest payments and loss of collateral value. In the case of a foreclosure during a major economic downturn, banks are affected in both ways. Economic recession causes a reduction in demand for real estate, leading to a drop in prices. This, combined with overvalued homes, high interest rates and the bursting of the housing bubble, led to a double-whammy for mortgage lenders. The loss of collateral value and lowered demand have resulted in banks being stuck with thousands of homes they cannot sell at their original values, causing major losses. Even worse, the guarantor of these losses may also be in financial trouble. When homeowners find themselves underwater and financially unstable, they may prefer to walk away from the property, leaving the bank with more losses. This situation left banks nervous about signing new mortgages, as default risks increased, reducing demand and further decreasing prices. This has been the situation for the past five years, but there is a glimmer of hope with home sales picking up."}
{"3900": "There are taxes that do not rely on yearly income, but rather on how much a person owns or has. These taxes can be called a 'wealth tax' or 'capital tax.' Examples include foreign land ownership taxes in some countries like Italy, corporate taxes on amounts owned in Canada (formerly), and strict wealth taxes in Switzerland. In the United States, the Estate Tax is a form of wealth tax that is assessed when a person dies. The threshold for this tax is usually in the multiple millions and currently sits around $5 million. Even though these taxes may create an initial price shock, they have the potential to replace some of the existing income tax regime in many countries, without increasing the tax burden on their people. However, whether these taxes are effective or desirable is an economic question, rather than a personal finance issue. It is important to note that earnings from saved money, such as interest, dividends, or rent from rental property, are typically taxed in addition to income tax on investment earnings."}
{"3901": "\n\nYour credit score is poor, and it's unlikely that anyone will be willing to grant you a mortgage, particularly if you still have unfavorable debt showing up on your credit report. So, what can you do? Start by clearing up any outstanding debt. It would be best if your credit score was above 680, but that may not be feasible. Bear in mind that bad debt can fall off your credit report after a while, the length of time for this depends on your province. However, making partial payments or acknowledging the debt will reset the \"timer.\" You mentioned some of your debt is from five or six years ago, and it may be about to fall off.\n\nIt would help if you could show that your credit score suffered because of mistakes made a few years ago but that you have been staying on top of your payments since then. Additionally, having a reasonable downpayment would be advantageous. A requirement of at least 20%, but you could be perceived as a lower credit risk if you can put down somewhere between 50 to 75%. While having someone with impeccable credit co-sign the mortgage would assist you, many people will not agree to this due to the associated financial risk.\n\nHowever, certain institutions specialize in dealing with bad credit customers. They charge higher fees and significantly higher interest rates, but this option may be worthwhile for you. Look into mortgage brokers who specialize in high-risk clients.\n\nAlthough rent-to-own can be potentially advantageous, bear in mind that one late payment could erase all the equity you believe you've been accumulating. Therefore, it's wise to avoid rent-to-own if possible.\n\nIf you're moving from the United States to Canada and have no credit history in Canada, you may not have a credit score instead of a bad one. In this scenario, most banks will not grant you a mortgage; however, some lenders focus on recent immigrants.\n\nDon't overlook renting. For many people, renting is the better option, irrespective of their credit score. The monthly payments are lower, and there is no need for a downpayment. Additionally, you don't have to pay realtor and legal fees and pay again if you need to move.\n\nSeveral sites offer more information on how your credit score affects your chances of getting a mortgage and how to get a mortgage with bad credit, such as http://mortgages.ca/credit-score-needed-mortgage-canada/ and http://mortgages.ca/mortgage-solutions/new-to-canada-financing/, and even http://www.ratehub.ca/mortgage-blog/2013/11/how-to-get-a-mortgage-with-bad-credit/."}
{"3902": "\n\nRevised:\n\nConsider the following options: \n\n1. Explore the possibility of buying the condo on contract by negotiating with the seller. A sizable down payment might make the seller willing to agree to this arrangement, which would allow you time (perhaps a year) to transition from being a contractor to a regular employee and qualify for a mortgage. \n\n2. Keep searching for lenders willing to work with your situation. Be upfront about your difficulties and see if they have any solutions to offer. Although you might have to accept a higher rate initially, try to secure a refinancing option in a few years to lower the rate. \n\n3. Look into local banks or credit unions, as they may be more willing to finance popular properties that larger banks have deemed too risky. However, ensure you find a bank that holds its mortgages rather than just serving as a broker. \n\n4. Engage a realtor who can help guide you through the loan process and connect you with lenders who might be more flexible in meeting your needs."}
{"3903": "I may not have the complete answer, but I can offer some essential factors for you to consider. Firstly, do you have a physical location in the United States, or are you conducting business from Canada? If you have an office or business location in the US, your tax obligation will be much higher. You will likely need to pay state payroll tax on your employees, whether full-time, part-time, or contractors once the annual amount surpasses the threshold. Additionally, if you are an individual, you will need a social security number and legal entitlement to work in the States to receive the necessary forms and tax withholding information. If you haven't already, research how to obtain permits to conduct business in the US, and register with the relevant state agency to receive adequate tax documentation.\n\nGiven the complexities of this situation, you may need to combine information from multiple sources. Begin your research at the state level, focusing on consulting service/contractor work permits and tax information for the state where your client is located. Then expand to the federal level, which can be more intricate since it involves international business services for Canada-US."}
{"3904": "\n\ngnasher729 spotted my mistake. I made a silly oversight - it's not 50p per share, but rather 0.5p per share. To clarify, @Bezzzo, the dividend is not 50p per share, but rather 0.50p per share, equivalent to half a penny per share. Thank you for bringing this to my attention!"}
{"3905": "\n\nIn the United States, businesses are subject to laws that govern their behavior in relation to recorded expenses (e.g. checks, bills) that have not been withdrawn or deposited. It is required that businesses turn over these funds to the state government after a certain period of time as part of their tax cycle. However, it is important to note that the timeline for these laws varies by state and an amount as old as 13 years may not be recoverable. \n\nSome businesses have emerged to search for \"lost money\" for a fee, but it is not necessary to go through third-party services. The US government makes this information available to the public through the USA.gov Unclaimed Money Tool, which is a good starting point for research. Alternatively, contacting the former employer in a friendly and non-confrontational manner could yield some helpful information about the procedures for paycheck funds. \n\nIt is important to keep in mind that the former employer is under no legal obligation to solve the problem for the individual, but they may volunteer to help. The goal of the search is information rather than cash, so being polite, patient, and understanding may help in obtaining information. However, it is important to note that using third-party services may result in diminishing returns as paying fees to search for money that may not exist could result in further debt."}
{"3906": "\n\nGiven my limited strategy opportunities and low capital, I am looking for ways to enter the market with a relatively high success rate. While a margin account can offer leverage to generate profits, it is important to recognize the risks involved. Forex trading is already high-risk and adding leverage can make it even more speculative. I am curious about the 96% success ratio you mentioned, as it seems unlikely without a significant number of trades. As such, I recommend proceeding with caution and transitioning from paper trading to profit-seeking slowly, using a low leverage ratio until gaining confidence with several successful trades. Keep in mind that leverage can magnify both profits and losses, so it is crucial to be mindful of risk management."}
{"3907": "\n\nVanguard, along with other mutual fund brokers, provides performance charts that display the change in value of a $10K investment over time. This includes the fair market value of the fund along with any distributions (dividends) paid out. Vanguard specifically showcases the impact of fees in the chart since their low fees are a significant selling point. Dividends can be preferable to selling shares based on a few factors including no loss of voting power, no transaction costs, and potentially better tax consequences than capital gains.\n\nIt's essential to note that if your fund isn't meeting the benchmark, it's not due to the payment of dividends. Funds don't pay their own dividends; instead, they forward the dividends paid out by the companies they invest in to shareholders. Thus, the fair market value of the fund should always reflect the fair market value of the firms it holds. The shares of these companies fluctuate when they pay dividends.\n\nIf your fund is underperforming the benchmark, it's mainly because it's not tracking the benchmark closely enough or is charging high fees. The notion that the underperformance you're seeing relates to the amount of dividends paid is a coincidence. An example Vanguard performance chart for an S&P500 index fund displays that if you add the S&P500 index benchmark to the plot, you can't differentiate between the two. The fund is designed to exactly follow the benchmark. Therefore, when IBM (or any other firm) pays out a dividend, the index along with the fund goes down in value."}
{"3908": "\n\nThere are various options for obtaining this information. One option is through EODData.com. They offer a historical index price download that is fast, cheap and has good customer service. It is suggested to confirm with them before purchasing. Other providers such as Capital IQ, Bloomberg and other professional solutions may also have the data. It is noted that free sites may have limited history, however Market Watch offers a longer history than other free sites."}
{"3909": "\n\nRevised:\n\nLet's consider a hypothetical scenario where two soft drink companies are the only players in the market. On January 1st, they each reported a 50% market share for the past year. In the following year, any gain for one company would mean a loss for the other, but the overall market grows by 10% due to negative publicity about water quality. While the market share at the end of the year is 49% and 51% respectively, the company with 49% has improved its margins and its stock rises more than the other. Typically, companies within the same industry show a positive and strong correlation. I recommend using spreadsheets to perform correlation analysis. For instance, I pulled data for Coke and Pepsi from various websites including Yahoo, and using Excel's function CORREL, compared the two columns of numbers, resulting in a high correlation of 0.85 over the past 10 years. As an example of a different industry having a lower correlation, I picked Intel, but surprisingly, Intel and Pepsi had a 0.94 correlation. Nonetheless, my point is that with readily available data, anyone can perform their analysis to gain better insights into market trends."}
{"3910": "\n\nPlease note that these shares used to be a single \"common\" share that has since split through a \"special dividend\". If you owned one share of Google prior to the split, you would have had one share providing you with X worth of equity in the company and 1 vote. After the split, you now have two shares which still give you the same X worth of equity and 1 vote, meaning there has been no change. Whether you choose to buy or sell depends on your individual valuation of the vote and how much you anticipate others will pay (or not) for that vote in the future. \n\nAs Google proceeds to issue new shares, it is likely that more of the newly issued shares will not have voting power, leading to dilution of equity but not of voting power. In most cases, our few votes hold little significance, so it is up to you to evaluate this situation as you see fit. \n\nGoogle's founders believe that they are better positioned to run the company for the long-term when there are fewer outside holders with shortsighted interests to consider. If you do not agree with this strategy, or if you are only interested in short-term gains, then becoming a shareholder of Google is likely not a sound decision. As always, carefully evaluate the facts for yourself, taking into account your personal situation and beliefs."}
{"3911": "\n\nI have been in a similar position as you, and I understand that dealing with credit bureaus can be difficult, especially when large sums of money are involved. To make a long story short, someone opened a store credit card under my name and charged around $3,000. When I reported this to the bureaus, they refused to remove the fraudulent account from my credit report, claiming that it was a \"frivolous\" claim. However, after filing a police report and contacting the fraud department of the store credit card, they investigated and eventually removed the account from my credit.\n\nI recommend taking the following steps: First, communicate with your creditors and debt collectors to stop them from reporting any fraudulent accounts. After providing them with a valid identity theft report, they cannot report any fraudulent accounts to the credit reporting companies. Additionally, request copies of documents related to the theft of your identity, such as transaction records or applications for new accounts. To obtain these documents, write to the company holding them and provide a copy of your identity theft report. You can also specify that the company should give the documents to a certain law enforcement agency.\n\nFurthermore, you can stop a debt collector from contacting you by sending them a letter to cease communication. They are usually required to comply with this request. Lastly, ask a debt collector to provide you with written information about the debt, such as the name of the creditor and the amount you owe.\n\nWhile you stated that your main issue was the combination of your credit account with another, there is a possibility that identity theft was involved. If this is the case and you can prove it, you will have access to more tools to help you. For instance, you can file a report with the FTC and use this, along with a police report, to combat these charges. For more information, visit the identitytheft.gov website."}
{"3912": "Do you mean \"condo\" when you say \"apartment\" since you're discussing buying? While a condo is generally cheaper to purchase than a house of an equivalent size and condition, you will need to pay condo fees indefinitely. This means you pay less upfront, but there is an ongoing expense. With a condo, the condo association generally manages external maintenance, so it's not your responsibility. Nevertheless, you should determine precisely what you are responsible for and what they are. You typically won't have to worry much about maintaining the parking areas, mowing grass, or taking care of roofing or outside walls. You are paying for all of these facilities through your condo fees. Short-term loans have two benefits: First, you owe less money if you pay it back faster, so the overall cash value for each percentage point of interest is less. Second, with a shorter-term loan, you may usually get a lower interest rate because the bank has less concern about interest rates for a 15-year term than for a 30-year term. So if you intend to sell the property and pay off the loan in ten years, you will most likely save money with a 15-year loan due to the lower interest rate. However, monthly payments are typically higher with shorter-term loans. Any advantages will be nullified if you cannot afford the monthly payments. If you have less than a 20% down payment, you would usually have to pay mortgage insurance. Saving 20% is a wise idea because it saves you a lot of money. Every extra dollar of down payment would reduce the interest amount you have to pay. You should keep an emergency fund and not put all your spare cash into a down payment if you can avoid it, but you should try to make the biggest possible down payment. (Although some individuals may argue that it's preferable to invest spare cash in the stock market or another investment rather than paying off a mortgage, that's a separate issue.) I'm not sure what you're implying with \"I do not think it's a good idea to make any principal payments because I would probably lose them when I want to sell the house and pay off the mortgage.\" When you sell the house, you will get back any additional principal payments you made. As an instance, when you buy a house for $100,000 and pay $30,000 in principal over time (including regular and additional payments), and then sell it for $120,000. You'll have to pay the remaining $70,000 balance on the loan out of the $120,000, which will leave $50,000 to pay other costs, and the remainder will go into your pocket. In situation two, you buy a house for $100,000, pay $40,000 in principal, and sell it for $120,000. You would subtract $60,000 from the $120,000, leaving $60,000. You've added an extra $10,000, but you'll get it back when you sell. You'll get back any additional principal you put in, whether you make or lose money on the property, in terms of lower payments for the remaining principal on the mortgage when you sell."}
{"3913": "\n\nWe accumulate \"unallocated savings\" for these types of expenses, which are saved in a designated fund. Additionally, we plan to utilize promotions such as \"6 months no interest\" financing to ensure that we can direct these savings towards payments."}
{"3914": "\n\na) This company is unlikely to return to its previous value of $.50 per share. \nb) The market for this sector has been decimated and there is little hope for improvement. Other similar companies are struggling and are heavily in debt, borrowing money in hopes of selling oil at a profit. However, with oil prices dropping drastically, they are losing money and many are declaring bankruptcy. This company is no exception, with liabilities comprising over 50% of its assets and no profits in sight. Its last financial statement available is from September 30th, indicating their lack of transparency in their finances. Along with the dismal state of the oil drilling industry, this company has also suspended its winter drilling program, resulting in a halt in asset acquisition and no additional sources of revenue. Furthermore, they have been financing themselves through private placements, diluting the share value for other shareholders. Overall, this investment is not worth holding on to."}
{"3915": "\n\nAssets held within an ISA or New ISA are entirely exempt from CGT. Therefore, you are not obliged to pay income tax or capital gains tax."}
{"3916": "\n\nMany banks offer this type of service, typically through their \"bill pay\" interface. Simply log in to your account on the bank's website, enter the recipient's routing and account numbers, and make the payment. Consider contacting your bank to see if they offer this feature. If they do not, you may want to consider switching to a bank that does."}
{"3917": "\n\nTrading CFDs usually incurs lower fees than standard share trading. While there is typically no joining fee to register with a broker, you must fund your account with the required minimum to start trading. However, note that CFD trading may not be allowed in the USA. There are no margin fees associated with trading CFDs, but you need to provide the initial margin amount to purchase or sell a CFD. For instance, if you want to buy 1000 units of a share CFD with a $10 underlying price and the CFD provider has a 10% margin, your initial margin is $1000. If the share price rises to $11, you will earn $1000 on the CFD trade or $1000 profit if you sold the shares. However, if the share price drops to $9, you will lose $1000 on the CFD trade, or $1000 if you sold the shares. The CFD brokerage fees are usually lower than share trading, and overnight financing costs apply for every long position you hold overnight. Note that you are not charged financing costs for short positions but may receive financing for holding short positions if interest rates are high. If you lack sufficient funds to open the size of trade you want, your bitcoin position may be closed out. If you're not ready to trade CFDs, you should learn more about them and the trading platform before investing your funds. You could open a simulation account to get familiar with the trading platform and CFDs. In case of confusion, ask your broker since they usually have training videos and seminars."}
{"3918": "\n\nTo have a meaningful discussion about this, more information is required. I assume you are interested in purchasing property in mainland China rather than Hong Kong or any other location. The feasibility of this decision depends on several factors such as which city, district, community, and school district you are interested in, as well as the age of the building. It is important to note that when you buy a flat in mainland China, you do not own the land but rather rent it from the state. While some may argue that the real property market in China is constantly in a bubble, various factors unique to China, such as the one-child policy, make it difficult to make such claims. If you do not currently reside in China and do not have any clients ready to rent from you, it may not be the best investment decision at this time."}
{"3919": "\n\nRevised: An alternative solution that may yield better results is to use a third-party service to transfer money between both parties. Rent Share is an excellent option worth considering. We currently use it to split payments between three individuals in our unit. The owner receives a single check that appears to come from all of us, and the payments are automatic and processed every month. It's not clear if you, as the owner, prefer electronic money collection instead of a physical check. However, it doesn't seem like a significant concern for you."}
{"3920": "\n\nWhile feasible, I think it may not be a practical option for many individuals. It is likely that flying to Europe from the other side of the world would be less expensive than handling it in person. Additionally, this decision can depend on one's location. It is advisable to verify if foreign banks have branches or subsidiaries in your country. Larger multinational banks may be able to assist you in opening an account in their sister-bank in another country, for a few hundred euros in fees."}
{"3921": "\n\nThe new roof on your property cannot be expensed as a repair in your 2016 LLC business return. Since it is considered a capital improvement, the cost of the roof must be depreciated over time, with a depreciation period of 27.5 years for residential rental properties. It is advisable to seek help from a CPA or Enrolled Agent to prepare your LLC business return, and consult the IRS Tangible Property Regulations FAQ list for further guidance.\n\nIf an interest rate was not specified when you made the loan to the LLC, you and your brother should amend the contract to state an interest rate and adhere to it. The LLC is responsible for paying interest on the loan until it is fully paid off, and you must report the interest income on your personal return, while the LLC reports the interest expense on its business return."}
{"3922": "\n\nAlthough there is a possibility that you may receive an accusatory letter from the taxing authority, they will not send you a bill. To ensure that you have paid your taxes, it is important to take a proactive approach. The easiest way to do this is by sending a check to each taxing authority with the corresponding full amount due. It is not recommended to call them for payment. Alternatively, you may file amended returns with the correct information.\n\nTypically, tax advisors advise against giving bank account information to the IRS for payment purposes as it can affect the timing of the payment and may make it easier for them to seize or lien your account. If you opt to send a check, make use of Form 1040-V and NY Form IT-201-V. Please verify that your Social Security Number matches your tax return SSN to ensure the correct credit for your payment.\n\nIf you are anxious or apologetic, you could include an explanation of the closed account, but as long as the outstanding amount is paid in full, neither taxing authority should be concerned about the error."}
{"3923": "\n\nRevised: Certain banks levy fees on their account holders who use tellers for transactions. In your case, you are visiting a bank where you don't have an account and asking for a teller-assisted transaction, which may attract charges. If you cash the check through your own bank, the issuer's bank will process it as a non-teller transaction, which may not involve any additional fees."}
{"3924": "\n\nOne possible revision could be:\n\nUse a rating scale, such as 0 to 5 or 0 to 10, to evaluate stocks based on your analyzed criteria. It's important to clarify that this is not a recommendation, but rather a rating system. It's also more effective to use a numerical scale instead of terms like buy, hold, or sell. Using a scale from 0 to 5, for example, would provide more precision and accuracy."}
{"3925": "\n\nWhy should you consider taking someone's advice? Because often, they have more knowledge or experience than you do. That's just the truth of the matter. By even seeking out information on personal finance, such as visiting a site like this one, you're already ahead of the curve compared to many others. Of course, you're the one who knows your own situation best, and you may feel confident in going your own way without following an advisor's suggestions. However, it's worth remembering that there may be unforeseen factors at play that you're not aware of - factors that an advisor may be able to illuminate for you. Ultimately, the choice is up to you."}
{"3926": "\n\nThe federal funds rate is a short-term risk-free rate in the economy, often used as a benchmark for fixed-income securities. For treasury securities, the interest rate is equal to the fed funds rate plus a term premium, which compensates the holder for the interest rate risk associated with holding a long-term bond. The longer the term, the higher the term premium. \n\nCorporate bonds also have a default premium, which compensates the holder for the risk of default or a decrease in company prospects. Both government and corporate bonds are affected by changes in the fed funds rate, as new bonds become more attractive. \n\nIf the fed funds rate unexpectedly rises, holding a bond may result in a loss, especially for long-term bonds. However, if the increase was expected, it would already be priced in, making it hard to predict future rate changes. \n\nWhile treasuries are tax-advantaged and have a convenience yield, they pay relatively little. Young investors may prefer corporate bonds to make money on the default and term premia."}
{"3927": "\n\nWhile listening to an accounting podcast today, I learned that a balance sheet can indicate a company's ability to pay its employees by analyzing the amount of cash on hand. The cash flow document provides further insight into how the company ended up with that cash. This important aspect of evaluating a potential employer is often overlooked when job searching. By utilizing various ratios, such as those listed below, job seekers can also determine if the company is financially stable in the long term. \n\nOne strong example of a high cash company is Nintendo, which holds a staggering 570 billion USD in cash alone. Examining these ratios provides valuable information on their financial standing. However, there are also examples of cash poor companies such as Tesla.\n\nUnderstanding financial statements is a complex process that can take months of reading to fully comprehend. Therefore, I would recommend posting a separate question to gain a better understanding of financial statements."}
{"3928": "\n\nIt's not worth spending too much time investigating this specific occurrence for just $15. However, it's important that you remain vigilant and monitor your credit card bills and accounts for any further suspicious activities. Someone may have fraudulently stolen your credit card information, so it's crucial to watch out for any additional attempts to use it. Your credit card company is well-equipped to detect patterns of fraud, so it's best to leave it to them unless you notice additional suspicious activities."}
{"3929": "\n\nOne possible revision:\n\nInsurance can also be obtained through the working spouse's employer. Some companies offer free or low-cost coverage for spouses, without requiring a physical exam. However, the coverage amount may not meet your needs, and if the main spouse changes jobs, the coverage may not be available with the new employer. On the bright side, if there is a cost, it is usually only a one-year commitment.\n\nWhen it comes to purchasing insurance, term insurance is a simple and straightforward option. It is important to choose the appropriate coverage amount and duration. For example, you may want to ensure that your family is covered until your youngest child graduates from high school or college, even if that child has not been born yet. Keep in mind that longer terms come with higher costs to account for inflation during the coverage period.\n\nIf your term insurance policy expires but you still have a need for coverage, you may be able to obtain another policy, but it will likely be more expensive because you are older. If you have children with special needs, you may need to increase the coverage amount and duration to account for the additional costs and duration of need.\n\nLastly, it is important to periodically review your insurance needs to ensure that your level of coverage still meets your needs."}
{"3930": "\n\nRevised: Schwab provides information regarding eligibility requirements and contribution limits for establishing a SEP-IRA. Eligibility is open to almost any form of business, including sole proprietors, partnerships, S and C corporations, limited liability companies (LLCs), tax-exempt organizations, and government agencies. The contribution limit is up to 25% of compensation, or 20% for self-employed individuals, with a maximum of $49,000 for 2011 and $50,000 for 2012. If the issue of PC is not a factor, the LLC owned by both you and your son can set up a retirement account for employees."}
{"3931": "\n\nYour credit card's limit is simply a numerical value. When you make a purchase, the card company, such as Visa, transfers the transaction amount to the merchant's bank account, and this amount is then deducted from your credit limit and added to your balance. The transaction is recorded, and the exact amount you paid is calculated based on this number. This system of transferring numbers is more efficient than waiting for payment to come through via cash. It is the foundation upon which the modern financial system is built. However, it is important to exercise caution when sharing your credit card details with others as there is a risk of unauthorized charges or identity theft. Reputable retailers, like Amazon, pose the main risk of data theft, where a security breach could lead to misuse of your credit card information."}
{"3932": "\n\nI'm a huge fan of Jim Cramer. While you may not have access to CNBC in Australia, you can still find Jim Cramer's podcasts that will boost your financial literacy, especially if you have an iPod or iPhone. My advice is to set up an IRA or tax-advantaged account (if available in Australia) and choose investments to go in there or in a different investment account. I prefer index funds, particularly ETF index funds, because of their liquidity. Charles Schwab offers free or no-commission funds that I recommend, but Vanguard is also an excellent option. Some great funds to consider are the Vanguard Total Stock Market Fund (which invests in every company worldwide), and any fund that mirrors the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 midcap. Another fantastic idea to save money is to create a budget with your spouse. I recommend planning in reverse by setting up a budget to monitor your expenses and then automating pay dedications that go into your savings or different accounts designated for savings."}
